0,    Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Uh   In New York I Milly Rock Rock Hide it in my sock Sock Running from the opp Opp And I shoot at opp Opp uh uh What. And I'm on the block What. uh uh What. What. And I'm on the block What. In New York I Milly Rock Hello. Hide it in my sock What. Hide it in my sock What. Selling that rerock What. Woah what. What. Uh what. What. In New York I Milly Rock Ooh Hide it in my sock Woah Used to sell rerock What. Runnin' from the cops Woah Shootin' at these opps Woah      Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Woah Shooting at these opps What. 'Cause I run they block What. uh Give me top Top uh in my drop-top All these hoes gon' flock Flock flock When I drop yeah Drop drop All these hoes gon' flock Flock flock When I drop yeah Drop drop All these hoes gon' flock Flock flock When I drop uh Drop drop Woo woo woo woo Beep Woo woo Beep woo woo Beep All these hoes want cash Cash All these hoes want bags uh Fucking on your  Beep uh I'm her dad Yeah uh All these s sound like cats sound like cats Blah I'm a soldier ooh What. Damn I thought I told you ooh What. Shootin' like a soldier ooh Beep Like I'm from Magnolia ooh What. All these s What. What. always fold What. What. Big bank What. What. never fold What. I'm sippin' Act' What. fill that  slowly Hello. Bitches on me What. Beep say she like my clothing Yeah I'm in London What. Yung Carti global What. Designer is on me Phew call it dirty laundry Phew All these es want Yung Carti What. Yung Carti Yeah Ayy Yung Carti Yung Carti what. Hop in the bit' hop in the bit' Yung Carti Yung Carti What. What. Hold on yeah All of your es they loose hold on All of your es they loose hold on Yeah All of my es they rich hold on And they stay rockin' that Rick hold on Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Uh what. What. Hold on what. What. Uh Yeah Rich rich Rich Cash Carti  Bitch Rich  Hold on Got a rich clique Hold on I'm in' on the  Hold on She in' on the  Yeah Give that ho a tip Yeah Told her Buy some kicks Kicks Ooh then I brush my teeth What. Hop up in the whip Glocky in the whip Skrrt Glocky in the whip Yeah And I'm y in' on a thotty She just wanna plot me  can't stop me Stop me I'm ridin' in a Masi What. Masi This ain't even my Masi Nah Hope that's not your thotty What. Your  look like a auntie What. Walked in with Ashanti What. Damn that look like 'Shanti What. Damn that look like Carti Yeah-yeah I think that be Yung Carti Heard he spent a hundred on a ing watch piece that's filthy Phew what. Woah woah  In New York I Milly Rock What. Hide it in my sock What. What. Running from an opp What. What. And I shoot at opp What. What. uh uh Phew And I'm on the block Phew uh uh Hello. And I'm on the block What. In New York I Milly Rock What. Hide it in my sock What. Hide it in my sock Sock Selling that rerock Rerock What. What. What. What. Uh what. In New York I Milly Rock What. Hide it in my sock What. Use to sell rerock uh Runnin' from the cops uh Shootin' at these opps  Outro    You know what I'm sayin'. Yo Yeah Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Bitch    that  man164EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
1,  Know I got a lot lot I'm a rockstar I'm a rockstar Know I got a lot lot I'm a rockstar I'm a rockstar    Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk I woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me Woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me   1  Oh I think they like me yeah they like me Diamonds on me ice cream ho that slightly My Draco  a Spike Lee diamonds on me biting I heard these s wanna fight me Meet me at my next show but you better bring a pipe B We ain't fighting I think she like me exciting ooh so exciting Fuck me Bentley coupe I'm riding with a thottie  I just spent a hundred on my watch piece  I done fell in love with a thottie  She just wanna  me for my clout  Bitch I'm off the lean I crash the Audi  Might just spend 200 on this Audi truck   Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk I woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me Woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me   2  Oh I think they like me yeah in my white tee Oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some Visine These young  don't like me but act just like me Why. Fucked all of y'all es so they parties don't invite me That  that's your wifey she so triflin' I been gettin' money so don't nothin' really excite me Carti poured a six in the four of the right lean Damn that boy askin' for some more like the Sprite clean Yeah that's that dirty that's that dirty That girl all up in my face like she ain't tried to swerve me These boys all up in my lane I swear they keep on merging No I cannot see a lame 'cause my Rolls-Royce got curtains    Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk I woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me Woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me  3  Oh I think they like me think she like me The  want to indict me she can't find me I'm like dirty up the Sprite please with some ice please We pop beans and like to sip lean oh oh Xans Percs molly we got hella things I'm in love with the guap gave it a wedding ring And I swear I had these thots before I got the fame And I swear I had the Glock before I got the chain I'm in Bompton with Pirus and I don't even bang yeah Slatt Shoutout G Weed and Yung L yeah ho that the gang Shoutout GiGi that's my boo she know that I claim Shootin' at these s like I'm in the paint Woke up like this    Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk Woke up to s talkin' like me talk Woke up to s soundin' like me talk I woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me I woke up to s soundin' like me Woke up to s talkin' like me141EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
2,  Yeah Now Now is my time Now is my time That-that-that-that-that-that be Maaly Raw   1  Everybody rock with me because I'm up now Took your girl and I'ma score like I made the touchdown Swervin' in that Lambo' doors go up not on a bus now Used to want a G-Shock now I'm walking with a bustdown Pull up and I'm flooded with a iced out watch Whip it look like er baby pecan drop Pecan drop put that four in Sun Drop Stack my knots count a lot saw a lot Got them rocks diamond rocks whip the pot Suicide 1600 that's the block Hit your girl that's check-free She ain't used to text me Now she wanna caress me She keep tryna neck me I gotta tell my bestie Someone call my bestie Think I found my bestie Link up make a check bleed You know that I'm smokin' dope I'll be high 'til next week Know I had to let her go 'cause she can't arrest me   Uh woke up with my toolie what it do. Huh uh Meet me in the alley with the troops uh I got red shooters I got blue huh yeah Let that thing down and point at you huh uh Bentley or the 'Rari ho let's choose ooh We gon' rob the bank bring the loot uh uh We gon' take these boys back to school uh Money on the floor just like some shoes   2  Uh money on the floor just like some shoes yeah I'ma  your thot she just a swoop hah yeah I'ma  your thot she just a swoop hah yeah And I love my goons yeah And I love my tool Yeah yeah Yeah And I love my loot What. yeah Fuck with me and you gon' lose What. Don't talk to me just talk to my lil' dude Don't talk to me just talk to my lil' dude    Uh woke up with my toolie what it do. Huh uh Meet me in the alley with the troops uh I got red shooters I got blue huh yeah Let that thing down and point at you huh uh Bentley or the 'Rari ho let's choose ooh We gon' rob the bank bring the loot uh uh We gon' take these boys back to school uh Money on the floor just like some shoes85EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
3, Feel like  hello check it out Yeah you know what I'm saying. Feel like slatt I feel like yeah  Refrain No cap and gown I ain't go to cl Uh yeah I'd rather die before I come in last Yeah VLONE thug what.   I ain't felt like this in a long time You know what I'm saying. RIP Fredo I ain't felt like this in a long time I ain't feel like I ain't had  in a long time Feel like Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Slatt  Interlude Hold up I'm tryna find Hold up I'm tryna do something right now Just leave me alone right now I'd rather get caught with it than without it Just leave me alone I'ma go and tell shawty we don't do that Uh what. Slatt slatt slatt slatt beep beep beep  Ooh yeah Lil' black jean jacket yeah Got VLONE on it yeah Got this bad   yeah Wanna  me and my homie yeah Got this bad   yeah Tryna  me and my homie yeah Shawty gon'  'til the mornin' yeah I can't wife no thot yeah I can't wife no thot P that  to the homie yeah I can't wife no thot I just ed your thot yeah I just ed your thot I ain't even p her to homie yeah ooh I just ed your thot We might rob your homie Rob We might rob your home Rob We might rob your homie Skrrt  Interlude I'd rather get caught with it than without it Slatt thot VLONE slatt slatt slatt what. Slatt what. Slatt what. Slatt what. Slatt what. Wake up and smell the motherin' coffee Yeah I'm 'bout to break you boys in a coffin Yeah VLONE thug what.   I ain't felt like this in a long time Slatt slatt You know what I'm saying. RIP Fredo I ain't felt like this in a long time Slatt slatt I ain't feel like I ain't have  in a long time Feel like Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Slatt slatt slatt slatt Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Yeah slatt slatt slatt slatt Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Slatt slatt slatt Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Interlude You been to Atlanta. Have I been to Atlanta. You've most definitely been to Atlanta With who.  Refrain No cap and gown I ain't go to cl Slatt slatt yeah I'd rather die before I come in last  Interlude Would you just send me your address please send me your address. For here. Woah Woah Woah Yeah   I ain't had  in a long time What. I ain't felt like this in a long time You know what I'm saying. RIP Fredo I ain't felt like this in a long time I ain't feel like I ain't had  in a long time Feel like Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Slatt feel like Just to look like this it took a long time yeah Outro I ain't had  in a long time I ain't had  in a long time I ain't had  in a long time I ain't had  in a long time Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah Just to feel like this it took a long time yeah57EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
4,  Gas in my blunt I can't go in I ain't ready Lean in my cup what the . What the . Fetti on fetti on fetti Uh I can't go in I ain't ready fetti on fetti 808 Mafia Moneybags yeah uh Moneybags  uh fetti on fetti on fetti Fetti on fetti on fetti fetti on fetti on fetti Yeah yeah 808 Mafia    I just left Houston Yeah I just left Earth I did Lean in my cup Gas in my blunt Yeah Got some hoes who gon'  Yeah I'm still pouring up Uh I can see in his face See in his face Designer on my waist Now you all in her face That ho give me face What. That ho give me faith Damn that ho give me face Uh uh fetti on fetti on fetti uh I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti on fetti I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti  1 Da$H I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready that drank on me heavy I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready them pills kickin' heavy I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready that 40 too heavy Heavy I can't go in I ain't ready Yeah I can't go in I ain't ready just count up my fetti So yeah so Mr. Never Lackin' bust a package Bills can get paid off of rappin' still I keep to trappin' Used to hunnid sack it now I  a actress Fuck Shit I'm just thinkin' how it happened Had to get explicit had to make 'em listen Movin' out them pounds s started snitchin' Loadin' up them rounds s started missin' Move it out of town and Tommy Cruise the mission Yeah Converse with my addictions don't talk I just listen Just listen Five drugs that I'm mixin' money only thing on my vision Infatuated with them semis and 'matics All of my s is thugs with some habits Habits Like grandma TV we been with the static I  on this  and she say she from Athens She say she from Athens 808 Mafia Opiated so I'm demonstratin' my emotion less Got some real s quotin' this Quotin' this Got your main  holdin'  Holdin'  holdin'  Lost a few things as of recent life anything but decent When we re-up on my teeth It's the only time you catch me cheesin' it's Dolla   I just left Houston I just left Earth Lean in my cup Gas in my blunt Got some hoes who gon'  I'm still pourin' up I can see in his face Designer on my waist Now you all in her face That ho give me face That ho give me faith Damn That ho give me face Fetti on fetti on fetti I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti on fetti I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti   2 Maxo Kream Shippin' a pack and it's vacuum sealed 30 on 40 keep that concealed Just bought a pint I'ma crack the seal Strap on my side like a Navy SEAL Three in the morning we trappin' still Trap Matte black on rover the Batmobile Don’t trust that  cause he gon' squeal Nah Not buyin'  if the pack not sealed Don't want it I'm faded I’m faded off Xannies I'm wasted My es they nasty they  it and taste it Suck I'm short on my patience I'm servin' my patient I'm very impatient lil'  come get naked Pack comin' in but I don’t need to weigh it Chopper en route I shoot once and  sprayin' Pew-pew-pew Can’t come in my trap the front door is gated My prices inflated my plug name is David Drippin' through the city got a little  in Babee'Os Fucked me on the spot 'cause she heard me on the radio Three es one of me that's a perfect ratio Don’t wanna  the ho I just want  Ah Let her play with the nut put it in her bootyhole Pop a couple pills and I beat it like a stereo Ah Stuffed cup Backwoods ridin' 'round merry-go Cup need a oil change Actavis I love to pour Drank Hit a stain hoggin' lanes grippin' grain gettin' throwed 808 Mafia Leave you brains in the grain you another John Doe No holds barred when you see me I'ma let it go No more 'gars so we rollin' up the fronto Fo fo fo fo fo No more 'gars 'cause we rollin' out the fronto I'm in H-Town  and I can never go   I just left Houston Yeah I just left Earth I did Lean in my cup Gas in my blunt Got some hoes who gon'  I'm still pourin' up I can see in his face See in his face what. Designer on my waist Now you all in her face That ho give me face That ho give me faith Damn that ho give me face Uh uh Fetti on fetti on fetti I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti on fetti I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti  Outro  I just left Houston I just left Houston I just left Earth I just left Earth uh I just left Houston I just left Houston I just left Earth I just left Earth uh I just left Houston I just left Houston I just left Earth I just left Earth uh I can't go in I ain't ready I can't go in I ain't ready Fetti on fetti67EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
5, Blatt   Yeah look at these diamonds they shinin' yeah Look at these es they lyin' yeah Tssh Baby these diamonds not Johnny yeah I just called up Avianne yeah I don't got no stylist yeah Slatt All my planes are private Tssh Perkies on the private We don't  with molly We had to lay back on them pills Tssh I just ed the pint up I'm finna set up in your field Get slimed lil'  I know you not real I'ma spend my money on guns and pills In Atlanta with a  yeah the  so bad I'm on that lean lil'  Kick the  out I didn't need the  Tssh   I'm from the Flat lil' s Yeah We started trappin'  Tssh We started rappin'  These all black diamonds  Hang out with robbers  What you know about robbin' s. What you know about TECs. Tssh-tssh-tssh-tssh-tssh What you know about mobbin' . Slatt tssh-tssh  Look at these diamonds they shinin' yeah Look at these es they lyin' yeah Tssh Baby these diamonds not Johnny yeah I just called up Avianne yeah I don't got no stylist yeah Slatt All my planes are private Tssh Perkies on the private We don't  with molly We had to lay back on them pills Tssh I just ed the pint up I'm finna set up in your field Get slimed lil'  I know you not real I'ma spend my money on guns and pills In Atlanta with a  yeah the  so bad I'm on that lean lil'  Kick the  out I didn't need the  Tssh  Open    Yeah look at these diamonds they shinin' yeah Look at these es they lyin' yeah Tssh Baby these diamonds not Johnny yeah I just called up Avianne yeah I don't got no stylist yeah Slatt All my planes are private Tssh Perkies on the private We don't  with molly We had to lay back on them pills Tssh I just ed the pint up I'm finna set up in your field Get slimed lil'  I know you not real I'ma spend my money on guns and pills In Atlanta with a  yeah the  so bad I'm on that lean lil'  Kick the  out I didn't need the  Tssh49EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
6, Just talk  Them  s ain't 'bout that  Yeah yeah Them  s ain't 'bout that Okay okay Pussy   just talk  Pussy   just talk  Yeah okay Them  s ain't 'bout that  Check it out check it out Them  s ain't 'bout that  yeah Yeah   1 I ride with the chopper the stick yeah Chopper the stick yeah These es ready to kill yeah Yeah My s they ready to drill yeah Okay I got s in Riverdale Okay My young s they came from hell hold up yeah Yeah The chopper go 'round like a Ferris wheel Chopper yeah These moms are cryin' oh well I don't give a  you can tell I'm really 'bout that  we eat at the police Pop out yeah I'm really 'bout this  we eat at the police Yeah pop out yeah Pussy   yeah he don't know me Pussy   hold up yeah I shoot a    yeah he can't hold me yeah I already know you  your  done told me I already know he sweet I already know he sweet Yeah yeah  Pussy   just talk  Okay Pussy   just talk  Talkin' 'bout Them  s ain't 'bout that  Them  s ain't 'bout that  Chopper the stick Pussy   just talk  Pussy   just talk  Them  s ain't 'bout that  Talk 'bout Them  s ain't 'bout that  Talk 'bout yeah   2 Them  s ain't 'bout that  Talk 'bout talk 'bout talk 'bout We already know he ain't 'bout that  Talk 'bout yeah I already know he ain't 'bout that  Talk 'bout yeah Pussy   'bout to lose his  I ride with the chopper the stick yeah I'm lettin' it go real quick yeah I cannot beef 'bout a  yeah yeah But we can go beef 'bout the bricks yeah Okay talk I'm really 'bout the  I shoot at your best friend I really ain't  I ed on her best friend Who the  these   s think they testin'. Yeah I already know he sweet that  a lesbian I already know he sweet that  a lesbian   Pussy   just talk  Pussy   just talk  Them  s ain't 'bout that  Them  s ain't 'bout that  Pussy   just talk  Yeah yeah Pussy   just talk  Yeah yeah Them  s ain't 'bout that  Them  s ain't 'bout that  yeah132EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
7, What. What. What. What. I'm so high man I can't even feel    I told my boy Go roll like ten blunts for me What. Roll ten what. I told my boy Go roll like ten blunts for me What. What. What. Roll ten I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' Woah what. What. What. I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' Woah what. What. What. Let's go I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' What. What. What. Slatt slatt I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' Woah what. What. What. I'm way too high Yeah what. woah High woah Yeah I'm way too high Yeah what. woah woah Yeah I'm way too high Yeah what. woah Yeah woah Yeah I'm way too high Yeah yeah woah Yeah woah Yeah I'm way too high Yeah woah   Wake up Wake up wake up woah It's the first of the month Slatt slatt slatt slatt I brush my teeth and count up What. Slatt slatt slatt slatt woah I let my  roll my blunt Woah slatt slatt I'm 'bout to dirty my cup Woah yeah  woah woah what. Pour up some lean and get stuck Pour it up pour it up pour it up what. I make her scream when we  Slatt scrеam  it I don't drive R8s I don't like those Woah huh chop it and slidе I drive the Daytona and I tinted the windows Yeah skrrt Can't  with nobody What. not even my shadow Yeah no one I got on Ed Hardy What. What. What. What. What. she got on stilettos What. She my best friend What. What. yeah we not a couple What. What. She a rockstar What. What. What. she a  symbol What. What. What. Let's go The way she do that  What. What. What. she make it look simple What. What. The way she do that  What. What. What. she make it look simple What. What. Baby tell me what you wanna do Yeah what. Wanna do Baby tell me everybody you screw Yeah who. Who. Yeah Tell me everybody you took to this room Who. Who. Who. I gotta know who you  ed in this room Baby who. Who. I gotta know who you ed in this room Yeah who. Who. Who. I gotta know who you ed in this room Bih' who. Can't trust no  What. Bih' bih' can't trust these s Bih bih' Yeah in love with my money What. In love with my money in love with my pistols In love with that pistol In love with my  Love with my  I think she my  I think she my  I know she   I know she   blatt I know she not  I know she not  huh huh I been thinkin' 'bout it Been thinkin' 'bout it yeah yeah finna cut off that  Finna cut off that  what. What. She don't cook she don't clean Damn what. What. but she want Ruth Chris Slatt slatt I don't even like to hug To hug hug I don't even like to kiss Slatt slatt I just pat her on the  What. What. and tell her Good  Slatt what. I just walked in my pad Slatt paparazzi at the fence Slatt I'm 'bout to pour up some red Red And shawty gon' roll up some  What. Slatt slatt and shawty gon' And shawty gon' roll up some  Slatt I'm 'bout to pour up some red What. and shawty gon' roll up some  What.  I told my boy Go roll like ten blunts for me Alright what. I told my boy Go roll like ten blunts for me What. What. What. I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' Woah what. What. What. I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' Woah what. What. Slatt I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' What. What. What. Slatt slatt I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' Woah what. Slatt slatt I'm way too high Yeah what. woah Blatt woah Yeah I'm way too high Yeah woah woah woah woah What. I'm way too high Yeah woah woah woah woah What. I'm way too high Yeah yeah huh. woah woah woah What. I'm way too high What. What. What.  Outro What. What. What. I'm so high man I can't even feel 55EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
8, Lala Baptiste   What are you talking about. I'm tired I do want to go but I can't Beep I'm tired Hello. I wanna go Carti I wanna go to Pluto with you Carti I wanna go to Pluto Pssh beep pssh Pssh pssh Turn me up Check it out pssh Ooh 808 Slatt what. Yeah slatt pssh pssh pssh Beep slatt ooh slatt pssh pssh 29 I-I-I'ma do it pssh Check it out Slatt slatt slatt Uh you know what I'm sayin'. Slatt slatt slatt slatt Southside What. Southside what. What. What. What. I just   Shawty in love with the beat What. Shawty in love with the beat What. What. Shawty in love with the beat What. Shawty Shawty in love with the beat What. I'm in the car I got the b What. Shawty wanna hear the lil' beat What. I got that  I do not play What. Shawty just wanna get beat What. I got that  all on my plate What. Shawty just wanna get beat Yeah Fucking that  back in the Wraith Yeah beep Fuckin' that  in the seat What. Fuck in the back of the Wraith back of the Wraith Yeah she handlin' the meat uh Yeah In the back of the Wraith back of the Wraith Yeah Yeah she handlin' the meat What. I got a crib with the gate Ooh Yeah my gr is green Yeah my car is clean Ayy my car extreme I got the green what. It's hot as it seems I got the green It ain't hard as it seems What. Nigga done shot at a  done shot up a  for days What. A  for days what. All of my s got . all of my s got . Bitch Walk in that  we just walking inside Slatt We tryna see what's inside Check it out check it out what. We tryna see if it's right Check it out check it out what. We tryna see what's the price What. Cash Reppin' that motherin' slatt Slatt 'Til my lil' neck get sliced Let's go let's go let's go You try they will get you dead Slatt Lil' boy you selling the Sprite Let's go let's go let's go let's go Lil' boy you betta get right ooh Let's go let's go go Lil' boy you betta get tight ooh Let's go let's go I hit I'm spendin' the night Let's go Put that lil'  on the flight yeah Let's go let's go I got the Xans I got the Percs What. I put that  in the Sprite Let's go let's rock let's rock I got that dope I got that dope I got that  make you bite Let's go Bando ho no light Let's go Bend over ho get piped Let's go Bend over ho get right Let's go what. What. What. Let's go Back it up ho get right Yeah Back it up ho get right What. What. All of my jeans they tight Tight All of my jeans they tight Tight  All of my jeans they tight Tight tight All of my jeans they tight Tight tight All of my s they tight All of my s we tight What. Shooting that boy on the sight Slatt Stupid lil' boy we ain't tight I know we not tight Fuck that lil'  ain't tight Ooh brr Pussy-  ain't tight Lil'-  ain't tight Pussy-  ain't tight Lil'- boy ain't tight Lil'- kid ain't tight Lil'-  ain't tight Nah that  ain't tight Let's go  Shawty in love with the geek Shawty in love with the geek What. Shawty in love with the geek Let's go Shawty in love with the geek What. Poppin' them motherin' pills ooh Pills Shawty in love with the geek What. Poppin' them motherin' seals ooh What. Shawty in love with the geek What. What. Poppin' that  in the head ooh What. Shawty in love with the geek What. Pop that lil' boy in the head I give your ho a lil' deal What. Brr brr Ooh shawty Yeah Ooh shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Poppin' them motherin' pills ooh Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Poppin' them motherin' seals ooh Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty Poppin' that  in the head ooh Shawty Shawty in love with the geek Shawty what. Ooh shawty Ooh shawty I give your ho a lil' deal Shawty She don't know nothin' 'bout me Shawty Interlude Check it out and I got a watch out Check it out check it out AP AP watch out watch out Beep what. Beep What. What. What. What. What. Huh. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. Huh. Check it out What. Huh. What. What. What. 29 What. Huh. What. Huh. Come check it out What. What. What. What. What.   Shawty in love with the geek What. Shawty in love with the geek What. Shawty in love with the geek What. Shawty in love with the geek ooh Huh. Poppin' them motherin' pills ooh Huh. Shawty in love with the geek What. Poppin' them motherin' seals ooh What. Shawty in love with the geek ooh Huh. Poppin' that  in the head ooh What. Shawty in love with the geek Huh. Huh. What. I give your ho a lil' deal Huh. She don't know nothin' 'bout me What.16EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
9, Uh Yeah   Walk around with them bills hold up Walk 'round with them bills uh Yeah Hold up yeah Walk 'round with them bills ooh uh hold up Fuckin' on your thot we in Cancún uh Yeah Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. What. Fuckin' on your thot and I know her dude What. What. Gucci snakes What. What. Uh Prada bag Number Nine Red rag   1 Yeah White gold Whoa Piguet What. What. I ed that  you better not forget Uh ooh Diamonds on me came from Elliot Uh Money jumpin' off the buildin' like a  Uh ooh Money jumpin' off the buildin' like a  Ooh Money jumpin' off the buildin' like a  Ooh  Walk around with them bills hold up Walk 'round with them bills uh Yeah Hold up yeah Walk 'round with them bills ooh uh hold up Fuckin' on your thot we in Cancún uh Yeah Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. What. Fuckin' on your thot and I know her dude What. What. Gucci snakes What. What. Uh Prada bag Number Nine Red rag   2 Ooh yeah Number Nine ooh Yeah Red bag Yeah ooh yeah Number Nine uh ooh Red bag ooh yeah Gucci snakes uh Prada bag Number Nine ooh ooh Red flag ooh ooh I'm rockin' red ice uh ooh I drink red Sprite Drinkin' red Sprite Don't stop at red lights Ooh ooh uh  Walk around with them bills hold up Walk 'round with them bills uh Yeah Hold up yeah Walk 'round with them bills ooh uh hold up Fuckin' on your thot we in Cancún uh Yeah Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. Hittin' on this thot and I know her dude What. What. Fuckin' on your thot and I know her dude What. What. Gucci snakes What. What. Uh Prada bag Number Nine Red rag  Outro Red Ooh whoa Red flag41EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
10, Bitch What that ho talkin' 'bout. I don't know Ayy uh I don't know I don't know yeah Yeah Cash Carti Bitch Cash Hold on money  Cash Carti   Broke boy broke boy broke boy broke boy Broke boy broke boy broke boy broke boy Ayy yeah Broke boy broke boy ayy uh Why should I keep juugin' all these broke boys. All these broke boys In the mall buyin' ice 'cause he a broke boy He a broke boy ayy I can't even kick it with these broke boys With these broke boys He ain't come to buy a pack 'cause he a broke boy 'Cause he a broke boy   Bitch I'm goin' through the sack 'cause I'm no broke boy uh Goin' through the sack  Runnin' up the check on these broke boys Runnin' up the check  Put some bands on your neck and have you murked boy Have you murked boy Bitch I'm ballin' on these s ballin' ayy Bitch I'm ballin' on these s first they hatin' he so  Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Don't cross your partner  that's a  for some  ayy Ayy  what. Always talk about me 'Bout me Still ain't never shook me Shook me I'm a real  from the Flat can't overlook me ayy Nah Fifteen hundred  if you're tryna come and book me ayy uh Nigga gonna in' book me Carti Cash Carti Keep the chopper on me my grandma watchin' me What. My grandma watchin' me ayy Fuck my Jesus piece I might squeeze the piece Fuck my Jesus I might squeeze the piece uh Hold out on my way I done flooded the streets I done flooded the streets ayy And I'm on this lean I won't make a scene I won't make a scene uh Nigga front on me I'ma make a scene I'ma make a scene uh Run up in his  run up in his  Run up in his  ayy Audi Carti Bimmer Yeah Benz with the roof up Yeah ayy Still on this goop punch Ayy Three gram boof blunt Yeah yeah High as  Ayy Called up some hoes let's go to Lenox Square Yeah yeah Carti Might just go icy my wrist Carti Carti Might just go cop me some squares Carti ayy Keep a small circle I can't  with squares Yeah yeah I can't  with squares Ayy I had to get it how I got it  life ain't fair ayy Yeah Spilled the lean all on my kicks and got another pair ayy Yeah I say  them two hoes man I got another pair damn Okay Carti Ayy Yeah ayy  Broke boy broke boy broke boy broke boy You need to get some money  Broke boy broke boy broke boy broke boy Go get some money  Broke boy broke boy broke boy uh Why should I keep juugin' all these broke boys. All these broke boys In the mall buyin' ice 'cause he a broke boy He a broke boy ayy I can't even kick it with these broke boys With these broke boys He ain't come to buy a pack 'cause he a broke boy 'Cause he a broke boy  Outro Why should I keep juugin' all these broke boys. In the mall buyin' ice 'cause he a broke boy I can't even kick it with these broke boys He ain't come to get a pack then he a broke boy Yeah he a broke boy He a broke boy He a broke boy Yeah ayy ayy Cash Carti Carti Carti Cash Carti Carti Carti Carti61EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
11, Yeah   I'ma go  that  Yeah I'ma go thrash that  Yeah Shawty gon'  this  Yeah shawty gon'  this  Yeah That's a pull-up  Yeah don't make me pull up  I smash that thot then pull out  might push to Flacko  Watch me pull up take your chain lil'  I'm on Deebo lit Yeah I'm on 'migo lit Yeah I'm on kilo lit Yeah I go psycho  watch me sock your  Watch me thrash that  then I p that    1 Cop the Prada  get one for the zip Got that Prada bag Yeah got one for my  Yeah Lil' boy hit like blitz Yeah lil' boy this my  Yeah Got me mad as  Yeah so I slapped the  Yeah I ain't even hop in the coupe Yeah your  gon' star at the clique Yeah I ain't even in' this thot yeah the  gotta start with the clique yeah All of my diamonds they flawless all of my diamonds legit Yeah All of these diamonds they costin' Slatt hold up Slatt move like a boss slatt move like a boss I get that dope kilo yeah come  with the boss Yeah Smokin' that gas diesel yeah smoke like a boss yeah She throwin' it back like a Frisbee yeah hit like a boss Yeah  I'ma go  that  Yeah I'ma go thrash that  Yeah Shawty gon'  this  Yeah shawty gon'  this  Yeah That's a pull-up  Yeah don't make me pull up  I smash that thot then pull out  might push to Flacko  Watch me pull up take your chain lil'  I'm on Deebo lit Yeah I'm on 'migo lit Yeah I'm on kilo lit Yeah I go psycho  watch me sock your  Watch me thrash that  then I p that    2 I'm with my dawgs fight with my dawgs yeah shoot with my dawgs yeah I want your thot I want your broad yeah she all on my lot Countin' the knots all of my ghosts yeah head to the loft I got a strap all on my  ain't hittin' it raw I just left Elliot Prada bag ooh it holdin' the knots ooh I got a  Rihanna bad ooh the  got a box Fuck that mumblin'  Yeah  that mumblin'  Yeah Bought a crib for my mama off that mumblin'  Yeah Made a mil' off that uh off that mumblin'  Made a mil' off that uh off that mumblin'  Yeah Bought a crib for mama off that mumblin'  What. Fuck that ho VH1 big  booty  Yeah   I'ma go  that  Yeah I'ma go thrash that  Yeah Shawty gon'  this  Yeah shawty gon'  this  Yeah That's a pull-up  Yeah don't make me pull up  I smash that thot then pull out  might push to Flacko  Watch me pull up take your chain lil'  I'm on Deebo lit Yeah I'm on 'migo lit Yeah I'm on kilo lit Yeah I go psycho  watch me sock your  Watch me thrash that  then I p that 62EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
12,   A$AP Rocky What. Yeah  yeah woo Uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah   1   A$AP Rocky New choppa new choppa it came with the beam Yeah Actavis pouring up lean Yeah Got Flacko yeah Rocky he p me the beam Yeah I shoot like Hakeem What. LeBron All of these knots in my jeans Yeah Alexander of McQueen Yeah yeah Uh-huh uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah Diamonds they lookin' like ice Yeah I whip the ho like I'm Ike Yeah Stack up my cash I got height Yeah Take advantage of the Sprite Yeah Take the bando bring the hype Yeah We just go hard in the kitchen Yeah Uh-huh uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah Had to catch up with my es Yeah They know that young  be living Yeah what. Uh-huh yeah yeah mm-hmm yeah yeah     A$AP Rocky Run it up run it up run it up Beep New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa New choppa new choppa new choppa Yeah Uh-huh uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah New chopper new chopper new chopper Run it up run it up run it up I ain't hearing what you say New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa I ain't listening to what you say Run it up run it up run it up Get the  up out the way New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Go on let a player play New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Run it up  2 A$AP Rocky I roll up an L in the lobby My partner's got wops and it's probably a Glock or a Tommy From H to the E double hockey sticks Keep a choppa chop you if you try me  Let's see who next on my homi' list Carti like Rocky you bodied this That's my prerogative Shit on them that's on my potty list Accused of being bougie by a snobby  Cops want to ID us Hope they as fast as my Adidas She say I'm special that's obvious Rich 'cause my ideas Run up the racks For the most part I rap when they ask what my hobby is Run it up not one of them Rich as  I'm a hundred up Swipe swipe like I'm on a bus It's A$AP and I ain't one to rush     A$AP Rocky Run it up run it up run it up Yeah Uh-huh uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Yeah Uh-huh uh-huh mm-hmm yeah yeah New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Run it up run it up run it up I ain't hearing what you say New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa I ain't listening to what you say Run it up run it up run it up Get the  up out the way New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Go on let a player play Run it up New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa Run it up run it up New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa New choppa new choppa new choppa new choppa65EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
13,  All of these es they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh All of these es they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh Ooh ooh walk with a bag Ooh Sad ooh sad ooh mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh Walk in the buildin' I flex on that boy I flex on that boy with the bag Ooh Ice on my neck and my mama like Boy where you get all of that cash.   1  I got the bag Ooh ice on my wrist Mama like Where you get this. I got her sad Ooh gave her a brick Then I gave her a lil' kiss Ooh Yeah I rock out in the 6 6 But  we fire we split I'm takin' your  you college kid Ooh We really be poppin'  Ooh I hit a lick no kid Ooh I had a lick but no bih Ooh She  me up like a tick Ooh Damn my weed smell like a pit Ooh He do that talkin' he simp Ooh Damn that  got a lil' thick Ooh I told that  to come in I told that  to come in   All of these es they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh All of these es they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh I walk in the bank and I laugh Ooh Ooh ooh walk with a bag Ooh Sad ooh sad ooh mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh All of these s they mad Ooh Walk in the buildin' I flex on that boy I flex on that boy with the bag Ooh Ice on my neck and my mama like Boy where you get all of that cash. Ayy  Interlude Rubi Rose   Yeah who the  is you talkin' to . The  you think this is. You think 'cause you got a couple dollars you a in' . Nigga you ain't no in'   You ain't nothin'  Fuck outta here Carti Fuck outta here with the  dog Don't call my phone with that  my  Real mad Nigga I don't ever get mad This  trippin' Is you mad or what. Is you mad or what. Bridge Leven Kali Girl that's bad for us Say you mad for once Said she had enough Girl that's bad for us She came back for once Yeah it's probably done She gon' back that  I'm gonna spaz for us Girl that's bad for us Say you mad for once Said she had enough Girl that's bad for us   2  I guess you're not feelin' me Not feelin' the energy Baby girl we can do plan A Baby girl we can do plan B I walk in that  they playin' my  Walk in that  eyes on the kicks Walk in that  eyes on the fit I look at your  then blow her a kiss Mwah ooh I got that deuce in the coupe Got a white  like YesJulz All of my s they fool Look at that boy look at his jewels All of my s they bool Louboutins bleed in the booth Ooh These s they lookin' like who. Cash Cash Cash My outfit just made the front page Hop off the plane I run to the stage Yeah ooh Your hoe gettin' laid Yeah ayy She might come in late I heard that your  Atlanta I heard that your  LA I heard that your  a lame Outro  Might sing on a  Ayy Might sing on this  Might sing on a  I might just sing on this  I might just sing on this  I might sing on this  I might just sing on this 22EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
14, Buh-buh-buh buh-buh-buh Buh buh buh-buh-buh In Atlanta with some organic uh hold up Pussy mad I smoke that organic uh hold up yeah Fendi'd down I'm smokin' organic uh uh And it's Die Lit uh uh FN I'm smokin' uh what. Uh yeah   FN I smoke on organic uh yeah Organic She bend down she need some more breath uh yeah yeah I got smoke all in the air uh yeah I got smoke all in this ho Fuck this up and you get left What. Fuck this up and you get left yeah AP on my in' left Uh yeah hold up Stack it up right on the shelf uh Stack it up like stack it up Your  look familiar Your  your  uh  I got drip all everywhere Your  yeah I got cash all everywhere Hold up your  beep I'ma do this by myself uh yeah I'ma do this by ooh On the jet by by myself uh yeah And I touch down and shoot the gas tank uh yeah Hold up I touch down and get my fingers wet uh yeah uh I touch down and get my fingers wet My  got that G.O.A.T. head My  got that G.O.A.T. head Riding 'round on moped uh Pop that bean and count them deads My  off the Percocet My  off the Percocet Pop that bean and count them deads uh Pop that bean and count them deads Yeah she  me I can't feel my legs yeah Pop that bean and count them deads My  yucky she don't use no hands hold up My  yucky she don't use no hands Dance floor with the diamonds dancin' uh yeah uh Dance floor with the diamonds dancin' Dance floor with the diamonds dancin' uh yeah yeah Dance floor with the diamonds dancin' That's why you cop by them bags uh Yeah yeah In L.A. I smoke that gas uh In L.A. I link with slatt And I That  with you she gave you back Uh I ed that  then gave her back uh I ed that  then yeah I nut on her she make me 'lax Yeah That gun on me I cannot lack That gun on me yeah Your  right she got it clapped Yeah yeah yeah You can die 'bout yours boy you get clapped I took that lil' boy right off of the map Yeah yeah yeah yeah We killed them boys right here right in the trap I love my lean I ed around relapsed Yeah I ed that  he runnin' 'round in laps You touch down in my city you better tap That  'round here she know she gotta tap Yeah uh I seen that  ridin' 'round in Nudy 'Cat huh Nat-nat That  with me and now she on that pack Nat-nat nat-nat nat-nat I'm on Southside and I'm weighin' the crack I'm on Southside and I'm weighin' the crack I'm on Southside yeah hand on the gat Southside yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm on Southside every day with blatt uh Uh I'm on Southside yeah yeah yeah yeah Outro Too much lean yeah uh too much ice hold up Woah One more pint hold up uh one more pint uh yeah Too much lean yeah uh too much ice hold up uh One more pint yeah uh one more pint uh yeah One more pint uh yeah one more pint uh yeah One more pint yeah yeah one more pint yeah yeah Too much lean uh yeah too much ice hold up yeah One more pint uh yeah one more pint25EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
15, Wake up F1lthy Breathin' Blatt yeah Breathin' What. Yeah Breathin' Haha   I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Ayy yeah I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Yeah I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Yeah what. Yeah I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' What. Yeah yeah what. Breathin' breathin' es stop breathin' Yeah Breathin' breathin' I think that  not breathin' Ayy what. What. What. Breathin' breathin' es stop breathin' Yeah ayy yeah Brеathin' breathin' I think that  not breathin' What. Yeah what.  Post- Ha ha ha ha Slatt ayy Ha ha Yеah ha ha Ayy Ha ha Yeah ha Oh my ha Yeah Ha ha What. ha What. ha What. Damn   Ever since my brother died What. Died what. Ever since my brother died Died what. What. Yeah I've been thinkin' 'bout homicide What. What. What. What. I've been thinkin' 'bout homicide What. What. What. What. Free Lil' Tip What. Ooh free Migo Bliff What. Ah Free all my guys What. free Problem Child What. I been with lil' Demon and lil' Beno and R5 What. What. Demon in that Ridin' in a tank on 285 Five what. What. On the way to Front Street who say we ain't outside. Yeah Smokin' on the Henchmen What. got a  fried I'm hangin' with the Pirus What. What. hangin' with the Fives Yeah I got mob ties I got in' mob ties Yeah I got s in chain gang on my side What. What. What. What. Chain gang I got s in chain gang on my side What. What. What. What. I had the s shank Ola for a pie What. What. What. What. I had the s shank Ola for a pie What. What. What. What. I'm on demon time What. What. I'm on demon time What. What. Tell 'em Bitch I'm out my body What. What. I done lost my mind What. What. Yeah I'm a young  What. What. Bitch but I'm in my prime What. What. Yeah I'm a young  What. What. Go but I'm in my prime What. What. Yeah Pussy- s can't hang 'round me What. What. What. All these - s liabilities What. What. What. I'm so shiesty I ain't got a OG What. Woo I keep the blicky blicky just in case they try me What. Blicky blicky what. Kill me a opp What. Slatt kill me a opp Ooh what. Okay Carry 'em out Yeah what. carry 'em out Yeah what. This chopper won't stop Choppa choppa what. This chopper won't stop Choppa choppa what. I  on your thot Choppa choppa what. I  on your thot You  with my opps. Opps woo You  with my opps. Yeah yeah You  with my opps. What. Yeah yeah You  with the cops What. What. Brand new 'Ventador I drove that  right to the moon Moon what. I just hit a lick with a mask  Woo woo what. Woo woo I just rocked the show on some mothain' shrooms God woo I ed my biggest fan in the in' green room God yeah I gave that ho a band and told her Go and buy some shoes Ah what. I've been winnin' all day  I can't lose Woo what. I got the people goin' crazy What. watchin' all my moves Yeah My  said I dress real nice dress cool Ayy If Rick don't cut you a check What. you better sue What. What. Yeah what. What. Ha what. Ha what. Yeah yeah ha Tilt yeah Ha What. What. What. ayy Yeah what. What. Yeah what. Bitch Yeah what. Yeah  I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Ayy I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Yeah what. Red I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' Yeah what. What. What. Red I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' What. What. Hold up Breathin' breathin' es stop breathin' Yeah Breathin' breathin' I think that  not breathin' Ayy what. Yeah what. What. Breathin' breathin' es stop breathin' Yeah ayy what. Breathin' breathin' I think that  not breathin' Ayy what. What.45EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
16, Whole lotta red uh Whole lotta red One shot to the head One shot to the head Nigga you dead I don't give a  'bout a  Kill a  off red Just bought a new K That's a brand new leg Got a brand new  That's some brand new friends huh Got a brand new bag hold up And some brand new ends hold up Got a brand new coupe uh That's a brand new Benz huh Got a brand new watch uh Skeleton hold up What.   BD huh What. That's a bust-down huh Shawty get down huh Hop in the back Shawty come 'round huh What. Shawty know Uh Ain't a  I trust Yeah I hit a hole in your gut yeah uh Snitch Bullets they rush Yeah I turned that ho to a  Ah Shawty gon'  Ayy We pour that four in the stuff I wanna  this  up I'm goin' too fast what the . Where the hell we goin'. Yeah slatt gotta  her first 'cause I don't know Yeah slatt gotta  that ho it ain't my ho Hold up Yeah slatt gotta touch that ho that ain't my ho Slatt Fuck up Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh Gone Hit them bullets right-right to your dome  Whole lotta red uh Whole lotta red One shot to the head One shot to the head Nigga you dead I don't give a  'bout a  Kill a  off red Just bought a new K That's a brand new leg Got a brand new  That's some brand new friends huh Got a brand new bag hold up And some brand new ends hold up Got a brand new coupe uh That's a brand new Benz huh Got a brand new watch uh Skeleton hold up  Open    Whole lotta red uh Whole lotta red One shot to the head One shot to the head Nigga you dead I don't give a  'bout a  Kill a  off red Just bought a new K That's a brand new leg Got a brand new  That's some brand new friends huh Got a brand new bag hold up And some brand new ends hold up Got a brand new coupe uh That's a brand new Benz huh Got a brand new watch uh Skeleton hold up32EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
17,  Got my  Zorrs in this  Blatt slatt blatt slatt slatt woah Cash cash Woah woah woah slatt    Uh okay Yeah shawty know what's up Woah Shawty want a rockstar huh What. What. Shawty want a Wockstar okay Woah Shawty want a rockstar Uh okay Woah shawty know what's up Yeah Shawty want a rockstar huh Shawty want a Wockstar okay Shawty want a rockstar   1  Walk in that bih' with my toolie What. Walk in that bih' with Lil Uzi ooh These es they bitin' they lip they choosin' ooh Lookin' like groupie What what. Fuckin' that bih' in my coupe ooh Okay Fuckin' that bih' in the lot ooh Fucking that bih' in the spot ooh uh Polka dot ooh All of these hoes they mine ooh All of this jewelry it mine ooh All of these es they mine ooh uh ooh uh Feel like  yeah ooh Look like a don yeah ooh Fuckin' this  What what. I swear she be lying What what. White on rice Rice Diamonds ice Ice Came through with the ice Uh I'm Lil Boat with the Sprite Lil Boat Lil Boat dynamite Cash She gon' blow tonight Carti   Uh okay Yeah shawty know what's up Woah Shawty want a rockstar huh What. What. Shawty want a Wockstar okay Woah Shawty want a rockstar Uh okay Yeah shawty know what's up Yeah Shawty want a rockstar huh Shawty want a Wockstar okay Shawty want a rockstar   2  All of these flows is mine All of these hoes is mine Shawty want a rockstar okay Shawty want a rockstar La Flame I been out spendin' it loosely Bigger the diamonds I'm juicy Fuck with the G's it's Gucci I been out livin' unruly Yeah board the jet All of them hoes is wet Yeah private flex yeah Never dip on the set Drank don't do wine got two hoes in a bind yeah Ass on rewind put the cash on her spine yeah Fill me up double cup yeah   Okay shawty know what's up Shawty want a rockstar Shawty want a rockstar okay Shawty want a rockstar okay Okay shawty know what's up41EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
18, Yeah What. Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. What. What. What. What. Yeah Yeah   I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red I like all of my cups so dirty I been sippin' that Bloody Mary I mix all of my problems and Prometh' until I roll on my death bed I mix all of my problems and Prometh' until I roll on my death bed Don't get close uh baby don't get too close Don't get close yeah baby don't get too close What you don't know it won't hurt 'cause you don't know What. What you don't know Yeah it won't hurt 'cause you don't know   I gotta eat I gotta eat I got some E I got some E I got some molly shawty with me Shawty come see shawty for C She wanna party she want young Carti She wanna ride ride it and ride it Yeah She wanna pipe all of these es She want that action she want young Carti I got these diamonds they blinkin'  All of my phones stay ringin'  What. She like them s that really rich My hands on my stick like a little witch I told her I really don't do this  That money gon' make this  do this  Go Codeine in my cup 'cause I do this  Codeine Codeine in my drank  I do this  Syrup You know that my body is full of it You know that my shawty be full of it You know that I'm hot  I'm horny I'm takin' these chances and doin' it We take off your head and remove the  My shawty rock gold like a Buddha  And shoutout my cousin he coolin' it We really hot boys we not new to this We really hot boys we not new to this  I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red I like all of my cups so dirty I been sippin' that Bloody Mary Yeah I mix all of my problems and Prometh' until I roll on my death bed Yeah I mix all of my problems and Prometh' until I roll on my death bed What. Don't get close uh baby don't get too close Yeah Don't get close yeah baby don't get too close Yeah yeah yeah yeah what. What you don't know it won't hurt 'cause you don't know What you don't know it won't hurt 'cause you don't know35EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
19,  Do it... Watch it... Do it how I... Watch it...  1  She ugly hot like a chick that call you to borrow Five hunnid then promise she gon' pay you back tomorrow Then left with a scammer with a Gucci hat from Marshalls Slept with him then woke up saw his watch was a Fossil Everybody wear a costume spray a little extra perfume YEEZYs in the stock room that's the name make the stock boom Hit the club with at least ten you in a 500 that's a cheap Benz I promised Playboi we'd get the tape out 'fore the weekend is over Too famous to sneak in Wolverine in a sheep skin I be goin' off the deep end We here for a reason boy we got more to do You text just like Yo I'm like Yo I been avoidin' you Ye Jesus gang you correct You always askin' for Buddha you a Budapest Ayy If they don't play this call the DJ This verse just shut down the freeway Born in the A you can't impeach Ye The case so brief don't bring your briefcase Bridge  What. What. What. What. What. Yeah What. What.    Go go to the moon Yeah Carti Go to the moon What. Go to the moon Slatt   2  Shawty tell me what's up. Yeah slatt Got some drank in my cup Yeah yeah Got my opp in my blunt Yeah yeah Niggas try to keep up Yeah yeah In the car with my son Yeah yeah Get killed by a pump What. I got a redhead Yeah My vibe is tough Okay I done been through a lot Okay I done seen some stuff Carti Everything dope Shoutout to the bluff What.41EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
20,  Check it out Wake up in the morning and know I gotta do this  Ayy let's do it Cannon Yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah uh yeah yeah    We ain't got time I drop my demons off clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here they stay lyin' Hold up We ain't got time I drop my demons off Yeah clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   Yeah she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here Yeah they stay lyin' Hold up   1  Four five six seven es keep callin' my line My line You cap like Mitchell  Ness lil'  stop lying No cap nah Chop that top on my Lam' I'm living my life Livin' my life nah Chopped-up chicken and shrimp cut in my rice Uh Spanish  call me papi I can make her my wife Make her my wife She want new Versace put Medusa on her eyes Medusa on her eyes Me and Cash Carti got them sisters 'bout to put 'em on a flight Put 'em on a flight Diamonds in the Cartier lenses you can see 'em in the night See 'em in the night Call Balmain ask 'em why my jeans so tight. Jeans so tight No traffic in all lanes I don't think you really wanna ride Really wanna ride Young GunWun one up you not my kind Not my kind Five six seven eight watches I ain't wastin' my time Wastin' my time   We ain't got time I drop my demons off clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here they stay lyin' Hold up We ain't got time I drop my demons off Yeah clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   Yeah she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here Yeah they stay lyin' Hold up   2  My  fine huh You don't wanna lie hold up My  bitin' hold up These s been bitin' yeah But my diamonds keep bitin' uh These hoes be bitin' hold up These s be bitin' hold up hold up Bitch I'm the bomb yeah Bin Laden Got a  hittin' the line right now yeah say she got molly uh yeah Sour yeah I don't do sour Nah yeah OG you know me yeah It's cold outside I need a long sleeve yeah Ballin' on your ho like Kobe uh Ballin' Dunkin' on your ho like no B Bald head like Ginóbili Piru watch my nose bleed That boy dead Arm and a leg hold up yeah Head and chest Turnin' your head Take your bread   We ain't got time I drop my demons off clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here they stay lyin' Hold up We ain't got time I drop my demons off Yeah clear my mind Ridin' 'round town with a bad   Yeah she a dime Hold up All these s they cap 'round here Yeah they stay lyin' Hold up31EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
21,  I fell in love fell in love But that's okay 'cause we in love Oh my God I fell in love I fell in love with the love Show me love I give you love Fell in love I fell in love I want in for the love Just show me love just show me love I fell in love I fell in love And that's okay 'cause I'm in love   1  We in that bed give me head I want that just to stay Close your eye don't shed no tear Keep it dark close the shade I'm off the pills you on that lean You  me slowly uh girl do your thing Let's take some pictures let's take some scenes huh Playboy huh magazine huh She got her  off with no T huh She got her ties out she wanna tease huh She tatted up now I see you see huh I know you see I know you see I see You know I want that  I wanna eat I eat I wanna lick it up I wanna in' eat I wanna freeze you up I want them diamonds blingin' I want it all on you I want you all on me ooh   I fell in love fell in love But that's okay 'cause we in love Oh my God I fell in love I fell in love with the love Show me love I give you love Fell in love I fell in love I want in for the love Just show me love just show me love   2 Bryson Tiller Lil' ma fly she got a flock now Got a squad now got a drop now She club hop ayy jewelry shoppin' Girl you shinin' girl you fine and yeah you Fine as wine you ten like diamonds Dime piece I treat you like my last dime Go broke uh no joke uh I cut these hoes off I kill the roll call I put the doors up she like to show off Them es sleepy them es dozed off I put a ring on it name got a ring to it On my knees for you watch me do it how he ain't do it I cannot speak for you but I know that he ain't fluent I speak your language he don't tell you things do he. Like girl you dangerous girl I ain't seen beauty Not 'til I seen you gon' treat you like queen do Yeah yeah yeah Let me sing to you let this be the theme music girl I fell in love   I fell in love fell in love But that's okay 'cause we in love Oh my God I fell in love I fell in love with the love Show me love I give you love Fell in love I fell in love I want in for the love Just show me love just show me love I fell in love I fell in love And that's okay 'cause I'm in love31EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
22,   Fanesha Fabre La música de Harry Fraud Yeah yeah yeah Yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah   Yeah what. What. You cannot hop in my car Yeah yeah Bentley coupe ridin' with stars Yeah yeah Yeah what. What. Yeah yeah I keep a Glock like a cop Yeah yeah uh ayy yeah Yeah She give the top in the drop What. Yeah ayy Yeah Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm what. Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm yeah Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm yeah Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm yeah what. Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm yeah yeah Tats on my neck and my arm Yeah yeah yeah  Interlude Yeah yeah Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah What. Yeah what. Yeah What. Yeah yeah Yeah yeah What. Yeah yeah What. Tats on my neck and my arm uh Tats on my neck and my uh Yeah  Uh ooh Huh. In this  going crazy Huh. Uh yeah Who. I'm with this  like a baby Yeah Uh yeah yeah I  your  she my baby uh yeah yeah What. I treat your  like my lady yeah uh uh Shawty bend back like the Matrix uh Shawty bend back like the Matrix Curge whip it up like the '80s uh Curge whip it up like the '80s I'm in the kitchen go crazy uh I'm in the kitchen go crazy I just want me a Mercedes uh I just want me a Mercedes Pull up we totin' .380s uh Pull up we totin' .380s Pull up I sent the location uh Pull up I sent the location Pull up I sent the location uh Pull up I sent the location   What. What. You cannot hop in my car You cannot hop in my car yeah yeah yeah Bentley coupe ridin' with stars Bentley coupe ridin' with stars what. Yeah yeah what. What. Yeah yeah I keep a Glock like a cop I keep a Glock like a cop Uh ayy yeah What. Yeah She give the top in the drop She give the top in the drop yeah drop drop drop Yeah yeah yeah ayy Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm Diamonds they wet on my arm Tats on my neck and my arm Yeah what. Outro Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm yeah ayy Yeah yeah Tats on my neck and my arm Tats on my neck and my arm yeah yeah Check yeah ayy yeah Yeah Uh yeah Yeah Tats on my neck and my arm Yeah38EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
23, Ayy punk monk Ayy yeah What.   Know your gang know your gang What. What. Know your gang know your gang What. Ayy what. Know your gang know your gang What. What. Know your gang know your gang What.  Post- One thing I hate the most Slatt One thing I hate the most Oh yeah Is some friendly- s Yeah Some friendly- s What. Some friendly- s Woah Some friendly- s Woah Don't talk to me Don't talk to me Yeah Don't talk to me Ayy Don't talk to me Them s not with us Us what. Them s not with us What. What. Them s not with us What. What. What.  I told my brother yesterday uh Uh I had every chance to sign all the young s But I was in my bag Bag bag Really I don't wanna worry about these s What. No I was tryna sign  before they knew about Trippie I was in' with Lil Keed when he made lil' Blicky Blicky And I thought I had Pi'erre but the label tricked me What. They tried to turn me into a white boy but I'm not Lil Dicky I remember I used to follow KEY! and ManMan Savage Ridin' 'round the hood I was ridin' with the ratchet What. Lil TJ was my shooter but they turned that boy against me What. But OG said Hold that  down so I ain't trippin' Yeah I was in Paris when  and Uzi started hittin' And I had to stay out that  because that ain't none my business Yeah I just worry 'bout me Uh me I just worry 'bout me What. What. I gotta worry 'bout me What. What. What. What. I gotta worry 'bout me What. What. What. What. Why. Why. Yeah yeah yeah oh I'm not friendly at all What. I don't even want these s on my song No I don't even need these s on my song No doubt I don't rap I write poems What. If you think you an ape  then I'm King Kong Woah If you know you great  then this your song What. What. We are great Yeah what. What. Yeah The greatest yeah What. Uh what. We are great What. What. The greatest Yeah what. Yeah yeah yeah When you not gang You turn into a hater  Know your gang know your gang Pussy Know your gang know your gang Pussy  ayy Know your gang know your gang What. What. Know your gang know your gang What. What. What. God yeah  Post- One thing I hate the most Yeah yeah yeah One thing I hate the most Oh yeah Is some friendly- s Yeah Some friendly- s What. Some friendly- s What. Some friendly- s What. Don't talk to me Don't talk to me Don't talk to me Yeah yeah yeah yeah Don't talk to me Don't talk ayy yeah Don't talk to me Ayy ayy yeah Them s not with us What. Us us what. Them s not with us What. What. Them s not with us Yeah yeah yeah uh what.34EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
24,   MexikoDro We lit bruh Yeah Hello. I'm with Dro got that pack goin' for the low Woah hello. I wake up to bad es know what I'm sayin'. 2900  What. What. Uh Cash cash huh. Cash cash Blood Gang I think the Xans' tryna tell me something Cash what. Yeah yeah yeah yeah  Pre-   MexikoDro I came in with a cool hundred Huh. Came in with a cool hundred Blatt blatt blatt blatt And I got some es comin' Yeah and I got some es comin' Blatt blatt blatt blatt And I got some es callin' What. Blatt blatt blatt blatt Uh yeah Yeah     MexikoDro I'm with Dro got that pack goin' for the low Woah for the low blatt Sell a P sell a O sell it for the low For the low go If she top I'm in love I'ma let it go I'm in love blatt Let it go on your block we gon' do a show Let it go   1   MexikoDro Let it go on your block I'ma do a show Blatt blatt yeah He a  he a opp he gon' call the po' Yeah All my s they on go they on in' go What. Got the pole with the scope know I keep a pole Wow Why these s why these mans actin' like some hoes. Yeah In my Ksubi jeans Fuck these s Uh bankroll bankroll bankroll Fuck these s yeah That  all on me What. Go TerRio TerRio TerRio What. Got a stripper  that bend on me Cash cash J. Lo J. Lo J. Lo Came in what. What. I think the Xans tryna tell me something Pre- I came in with a cool hundred I came in with a cool hundred And I got some es comin' And I got some es callin' And I got some es callin' And I got some es callin' Huh. Ooh what. What. Yeah Yeah     MexikoDro I'm with Dro got that pack goin' for the low For the low blatt Sell a P sell a O sell it for the low Yeah blatt If she top I'm in love I'ma let it go Blatt blatt Let it go on your block we gon' do a show Do a show uh ooh   2   MexikoDro Fuck that  I go too dumb Blatt Rick Owens on top of ones We don't do no one-on-ones Blatt Put that Xanny on your tongue Rock the show out like a punk She the type of  that love to  Blatt Baby you the chosen one And baby I don't  with none Fell asleep in LA woke up to the sun ooh Fuck my PO he know I got hella guns Yeah Ooh and shoutout my OG he know he keep in one uh Fuck that SGP he know I brung the phonk Cash Cash what. Hit him with the pump leave him in the trunk Cash Uh would have ed your baby mama but it stunk Yeah Uh beat a   leave a  lumped Woah what. What. What. Pre-   MexikoDro I came in with a cool hundred Blatt what. What. And I got some es comin' Blatt what. What. And I got some es callin' Blatt ooh beep beep what. What. Uh yeah Yeah     MexikoDro I'm with Dro got that pack goin' for the low I'm with Dro blatt Sell a P sell a O sell it for the low For the low blatt If she top I'm in love I'ma let it go I'm in love blatt Let it go on your block we gon' do a show Woah Ooh Beep30EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
25, Wake up F1lthy   Yeah I'm in the coupe with a cutter yeah sippin' on Wock' What. Yeah posted with my brother yeah he got a mop What. Yeah Posted with my brother yeah he got a mop What. Yeah Posted with my brother Brother yeah he got a mop What. Slatt Posted with my brother yeah he got a mop   I'm robbin' the bank Bank yeah I'm robbin' the bank Bank yeah I ride in the tank Tank yeah I ride in the tank Tank yeah My  she got cake Cake what. My  she got cake Cake what. Wе stay in the house uh Can't leavе out the place Slatt slatt I just caught a case Slatt what. Got dirt on my face Slatt Got tats on my face Slatt slatt I'm servin' that base Yeah I'm servin' that base Base yeah I'm servin' that base Base yeah I got me some thots Thots thots They thought I was gay Slatt woah Lamborghini parked outside it's purple like lean Woah woah Lamborghini parked outside it's purple like lean Woah yeah I'm tryna  on a thot and sip on some lean Lean blatt what. I'm tryna  on a thot and sip on some lean What. I love all my thots and codeine Thots codeine I love all my thots and codeine Yeah yeah I'm a rockstar  this what I bleed Nigga tryna play me I'ma make him bleed  Yeah I'm in the coupe with a cutter yeah sippin' on Wock' What. Yeah posted with my brother yeah he got a mop What. What. Posted with my brother yeah he got a mop What. Posted with my brother yeah he got a mop What. Slatt22EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
26, You know what I'm sayin' man. Still drinkin' lean and    Ooh hop in that motherin' foreign And that motherer be roarin' Ooh Big gun  yeah show 'em City to city I'm tourin' Ooh Lil Carti I'm ready to pour All of my diamonds they glowin' Fuck on your  yeah She left in the mornin' Ooh   1 Diamonds they skatin' on ice huh Run it up  Jerry Rice hey ayy Hurt your feelings with the price ayy Everything come with a price ayy Everything come with a price ayy Hundred thousand yeah my price Ooh Too many rings like I'm Mike Ooh I got the motherin' mic Ooh I got the motherin' Ike huh I told your  to come trike uh P me the motherin' mic uh I'm in the lobby I'm piped ooh I told that  to come pipe ooh Shawty wan'  on the pipe ooh uh ooh what. Ooh Shawty gon' lick on the pipe ooh I got the strap like a dyke ooh I got the strap I don't fight ooh My diamonds they icy ice ooh My diamonds they ice they bite ooh Your diamonds they 'ight a'ight ooh Ask that lil'  what's her type. Ooh ayy what. Ayy  Ooh hop in that motherin' foreign And that motherer be roarin' Ooh Big gun  yeah show 'em City to city I'm tourin' Yeah Lil Carti I'm ready to pour All of my diamonds they glowin' Fuck on your  yeah She left in the mornin' Ooh   2 Diamonds on diamonds on diamonds Empty your pockets and pay that lil' homage What. I got Pirus in the lobby Yeah I got Pirus right behind me Carti Cranberry drip with the rag Carti I might just pull up in Bompton Carti Walk in the lobby like Gotti Gotti You can't trust me I'm too poppin' Poppin' These s they tryna  me What. What. Used to be robbin' Robbin' Molly Santana jaw lockin' Lockin' This Spanish  callin' me Papi Papi She ride me like a Bugatti 'Gatti Hop in the foreign  the mileage Mileage Pick the boof up  I'm tired Tired Booted up  never tired What. Ooh ooh  Ooh hop in that motherin' foreign What. And that motherer be roarin' Ooh Big gun  yeah show 'em City to city I'm tourin' Ooh Lil Carti I'm ready to pour All of my diamonds they glowin' Fuck on your  yeah She left in the mornin' Ooh26EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
27,   IndigoChildRick Run it up Yeah yeah Count it up count it up count it count Yeah yeah what. What. What. What. What. Indigo Yeah yeah Indigo Yeah yeah     IndigoChildRick I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah-yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah I'm on the lean for real What. I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah  Post-  That bag loaded yeah got it all the time Yeah what. Nickelodeon way I got that slime Yeah slime The Dream Mode yeah tats showin' my teams What. Keep it tucked like a T-shirt I need that nine  1  Two nines in the coupe yeah Pew what. Yeah send a bih' to school Yeah yeah Oh yeah yeah I ed her by the pool What. What. Oh yeah diamond wetter than your boo What. Oh yeah all that money take your loot Ooh what. What. What.     IndigoChildRick I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah I'm on the lean for real What. I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Slatt yeah yeah  Post-   Skepta That bag loaded yeah got it all the time Bag Nickelodeon way I got that slime Yeah slime The Dream Mode yeah tats showin' my teams Ayy Keep it tucked like a T-shirt I need that nine  2 Skepta   Trust trust Yeah No I can't dap you up Yeah Super sus' Yeah Better get used to us Yeah Had to go Super Saiyan Yeah Had to go bird's eye view Yeah This a computer game Greaze GTA Yeah Look at us run the streets Yeah Niggas is in' food Yeah This is a in' feast Buh-buh Man I ain't throwing P's Yeah I just throw up the V Yeah Drink spillin' on my shoes Yeah Weed spillin' on my seats Greaze Niggas is talkin' greaze Please greaze Greaze     IndigoChildRick I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah-yeah yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah I'm on 'em beans for real What. Yeah I'm on the lean for real What. I'm on 'em beans for real Yeah yeah I'm on the lean for real Yeah yeah Outro IndigoChildRick   Run it up Yeah yeah What. What. Yeah yeah What. What. Yeah What. What. Indigo Yeah yeah Indigo Yeah yeah Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah26EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
28, Cash cash cash cash What. Cash Cash Cash Yeah Cash cash cash what. Yeah What. Cash What. Yeah What. Cash What. Yeah What. What. Yeah What. Uh slatt ooh   1 If I'm a  then I'm the baddest  Baddest  what. Ooh cash cash cash cash  Cash Sir Flex-a-Lot A lot Boy I flex  uh Cash cash I pop the Glock Boy I pop this  What. Buh I rock the show What. It's a moshpit Yeah Been 'round the block huh It's my park  uh Yeah Apartment uh With a lot of  Buh-buh-buh-buh Snowman What. Huh ice cream  uh Cash Bad  huh Like to  the  Bitch My clique What. Throw them hundreds  uh 29 ho huh 16  Check it out Sixteen bullets have you bleedin'  What. Westside Piru how you bleedin' . Slatt Ooh my diamonds bloody on my body yeah they bleedin'  Slatt slatt Diamonds summertime you ain't seein' me Gleen My diamonds bitin' like some molly on the gleen  Gleen Lil' shawty said she tapped my phone never received  Tapped my phone brrt-brrt I was in this  boolin' in Bleveland Brrt-brrt-brrt-brrt Parking lot pimpin'  Parkin' a lot of  Yeah Cash cash cash cash cash cash cash  What. Hundred thousand just to hear the  spit Uh She spittin' on the  told the  to quit Slatt yeah slatt  Ooh ooh ooh ooh On some cash  uh On some cash  huh On some cash  uh On some cash  huh On some cash  uh On some cash  huh On some cash  uh On some cash  huh On some cash  uh On some cash  huh On some cash  uh   2 I'ma cash in uh Yeah I'ma cash in uh Yeah The es want me Want me I'ma catch 'em Catch 'em Bad    yeah she love it Bad  said she love me yeah she love me Hey Diamonds bitin' like some Molly and I love it My diamonds bitin' Bitches wanna  Carti yeah I love it Got a lot of es on the side Cash cash cash Got a lot of s doin' life Cash cash cash Put that on my block that's on my 9 What. All these s lame I know they lyin' Fuckin' on your  that's all the time Bitch I just do this  all the time Off the lean off the lean oh my god What. Diamonds on me bitin' oh my god Cash Outro Cash uh what. What. What. Cash cash What. Cash  What. Cash cash cash What. Cash  What. What. What. Cash  What. Uh Cash cash cash cash  Beep18EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
29, When them vamps outside lil'  you better be ready When them guns outside lil'  you better be ready When the stars align lil'  you better be ready I won't take my time lil'  you know I'm ready I want it right now lil'  you know I'm ready Go yeah My flag the same color as cranberry Cranberry You come 'round by my gang it's Hail Mary Them s not no thugs they some fairies Yeah yeah I'm playing with them birds like I'm Larry Yeah yeah yeah We pop right by the curb they can't tell it Yeah I'm smoking on them herbs you can smell it Yeah This bag I got all orange like a felon Yeah My  she say she want me s telling We caught him on the block we topped his melon Top yeah We push up to your spot like it's nothing Yeah Free all them young s free Young Melvin Yeah Free all them young s free my cousin Okay yeah Pussy- s always bluffing Pump fake  you ain't tough Yeah tough I swear to God if I tote that  I'ma hit that boy Baow baow I swear to God I just play with the  I don't play with boys Baow baow You come 'round by my gang we gon' let them bullets fly Baow yeah I been sipping on codeine I got pink eyes Yeah .223 gon' hit him up he done got hypnotized Baow I done made a mil' in a white tee but I ain't Franchize Baow These s be the new es they just ride Slatt I done called up to the hotel she left me paralyzed Uh  Vamp anthem vamp anthem Vamp anthem vamp anthem Yeah Vamp anthem vamp anthem Yeah Vamp anthem vamp anthem Yeah Vamp uh vamp uh Vamp yeah vamp uh Vamp uh vamp yeah Vamp vamp Vamp uh vamp uh Vamp uh vamp uh Vamp vamp uh Vamp28EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
30,    Where the  I'd be without my slatt. Uh Slatt buh-buh-buh Where the  I'd be without that gat. Hol' up Buh Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Buh-buh-buh I'm in hell with them Hellcats What. Buh-buh   If he tell I'ma kill the cat yeah Uh what. If he tell we gon' spray that rat yeah If he tell we gon' throw them racks yeah Ooh Fucked your  I had to break her back yeah Breakin' the bank hol' up What. And I play wit' bags hol' up What. Fucked that  there ain't no payin' back yeah hol' up What. Man  that ho there ain't no payin' back yeah uh What. Where the  I'd be without my in' slatt. Yeah hol' up What. I'm pushin' up on all these s yeah hol' up yeah What. Reppin' that motherin' Piru  that blatt hol' up city What. I pull up and I'm throwin' racks P  yeah I got s all around the in' city yeah what. Hol' up hol' up yeah uh Bitch big Draco hold on My life so long hold on I'm in' this  hold on uh yeah She in' that  hold on Then I p her off quick yeah Bitches all on my  yeah Get off of my  yeah Whoa Always one hol' up One-on-ones huh I got funds huh What you doin'. Huh I keep goin' huh My  she foreign huh My  she fine huh My  she gorgeous What. Making plays early in the mornin' Buh-buh Come get on it I know you want it Buh-buh For that money You got it horny I just want it Poppin' Percs huh What's my shirt. Yeah Dolce Gabbana hol' up Your  all uh hol' up Your  all on it huh Your  all on it huh Your  all on it huh I think she want it huh Show me the opponent huh What. Man they don't want it huh What. And I got the pole in it huh huh Now get a pot go get it All of my s they with it Call up my boy he gon' hit it Pull that shotty fire-fire uh Boy you gon' get it yeah He dead yeah One to the head yeah uh One to the chest yeah uh No vest huh yeah Just cash huh yeah Big bags huh yeah Big racks huh yeah Yeah yeah huh yeah Take that yeah huh Take that yeah huh Take that yeah huh Take that yeah yeah huh uh uh Yeah yeah yeah yeah huh I said I'm high oh Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Keep goin' My  yeah keep goin' yeah I keep goin' yeah early in the mornin' I'm trappin' huh I'ma keep rappin' huh Mama told y'all I'll make it happen What's your status. Yeah Bought my mom that new G-Wagen hol' up New G-Wagen hol' up yeah uh Young  havin' hol' up Young  havin' hol' up yeah ooh New G-Wagen hol' up Baby let's get it hol' up uh Got the house off in the hills yeah Baby let's hit it huh Baby let's get it huh yeah hol' up yeah Too much swag too much cash hold on huh Yeah they mad ho yeah they mad yeah yeah Too much swag and too much cash yeah uh Yeah they mad ho yeah they mad huh yeah uh Too much swag and too much cash uh yeah Yeah they mad ho yeah they mad huh yeah uh Too much swag and too much cash uh uh Yeah they mad ho yeah they mad New G-Wagen huh yeah New G-Wagen huh yeah Young  havin' huh yeah Young  havin' huh yeah New G-Wagen huh yeah New G-Wagen huh yeah Young  havin' huh yeah Young  havin' huh yeah Momma let's get it huh yeah Momma let's get it huh yeah House in the hills huh yeah Baby let's hit it huh yeah House in the hills huh yeah Baby let's hit it huh yeah Momma let's get it huh yeah Baby let's get it huh yeah New G-Wagen huh yeah What's your status. Huh yeah Young  havin' huh yeah Young  havin' yeah Yeah yeah keep goin' uh yeah Baby no what you doin'. Oh keep goin' Baby no what you doin'. Oh keep goin' huh Baby no what you doin'. Oh where you goin'. Huh4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
31, You know what I'm sayin' Young pretty   you know Young handsome   you know Pretty  you dig.   Shawty wanna ball with the team What. What. Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. Beep Shawty wanna kick it with the team What. What. I got all this guap on me Guap guap Shawty wanna ball with the team Team Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. Bridge Guap guap What. Guap guap What. Guap guap What. Guap guap What. What. Guap guap What. Guap guap What. Guap guap What. Guap guap What. What. What.   1 Shawty wanna ball with the team Team what. Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. What. I'm countin' all this guap on me What. What. Countin' all this guap you know what I mean. You know what I mean  check it what. Sippin' on that motherin' lean What. What. Promethazine motherin' lean Purple motherin' 'Tech Actavis Niggas watered down like some in' chlorine What. What. Bitch it's Lord of the Rings Beep ice ice Diamonds lookin' like summertime Look at the ice look at the ice ice Tryna bite my flow and my rhymes Look at the ice ice I thought I told that ho the world is mines Look at the ice ice I just took his  like a crime Look at the ice  Shawty wanna ball with the team Ball with the team ball with the Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. Money sittin' tall Yao Ming Shawty wanna kick it with the team What. What. I got all this guap on me Guap guap Shawty wanna ball with the team Team Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. What. What. What.   2 Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho ooh Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho What. Fucked her in the coupe Yeah then she popped the blue Yeah-yeah Woah ooh Yeah South Atlanta goon Yeah RIP Troup What. What. What. What. Beep At the Citgo What. you know how it go Gas Count them big bankrolls What. and she on the pole And she came a long way from the stripper pole that my ho Yeah And I came a long way from kickin' doors that's on bro What. look at the ice   Shawty wanna ball with the team Ball with the team ball with the Money sittin' tall Yao Ming Money sittin' tall Yao Ming Shawty wanna kick it with the team What. What. I got all this guap on me Guap guap Shawty wanna ball with the team Team Money sittin' tall Yao Ming What. What. What. What. Outro Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho Fuckin' on that swoop in' on that ho21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
32,    Yeah Shit oh my god  Yeah what. Shit oh my god  What. What. What. Yeah Oh my god  What. Yeah What. What. What. Yeah Oh my god Slatt yeah Mmm What. Yeah what. Yeah Slatt yeah Slatt What. Yeah    When you feel like this What. Can't nobody tell you  What. Yeah When you feel like this What. What. Yeah Can’t nobody tell you  What. What. What. When you feel like this Can't nobody tell you  What. What. What. Feel it When you feel like this Can't nobody tell you  Can’t nobody tell you  Can't nobody tell me   go  Post-  Yeah yeah I feel like God yeah Oh my god Yeah I feel like God yeah Feel like God I feel like God Slatt slatt slatt go  1  Put my gles on I can't see these es What. Slatt Put my gles on I can't see these es Yeah I'm in the twilight zone nowhere near these s I'm in the twilight zone nowhere near these s They can't understand me I'm talkin’ hieroglyphics Yeah They can’t understand me I'm talkin’ hieroglyphics I feel like Morpheus What what. I feel like Morpheus What what. I got my whole gang on some other  I done changed my swag Swag swag what. What. Metamorphosis Metamorphosis Yeah metamorphosis Oh yeah Metamorphosis Oh yeah metamorphosis Oh yeah Metamorphosis metamorphosis I had to change my whole swag I'm on some other  Okay I got me a new  she on other  What else. And if that  go out bad she on punishment Let's go Why the  I gotta remind you that I run this . Why. Why the  I gotta remind you that I run this . Why. Why the  I gotta remind you that I run this . What. I thought I'd been told you that I run this     Yeah yeah yeah Slatt Yeah Slatt yeah When you feel like this Yeah Can’t nobody tell you  Let's go When you feel like this Let's go Can't nobody tell you  Let's go what. Yeah When you feel like this Let's go Can't nobody tell you  Let's go yeah When you feel like this Slatt Can't nobody tell you  Okay Can't nobody tell you  What. Yeah yeah Can't nobody tell me  Yeah yeah yeah Post-    Yeah yeah yeah I feel like God yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah I feel like God yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah I feel like God Carti yeah yeah yeah yeah   2  Uh as the king and the queens gather the cheese No fees you count the bodies Jeez runnin' the streets Told all my opps All my life it's been troublesome things We can go faster chapters won't hold back Niggas see where we at All of my shooters my goonies a team Some  always seem I'm ready for action Yeah Keep it goin' Watch me blow it Can we can we keep it keep it goin'. It's live ya  Yeah Fuck them s they annoyin' They annoyin' get it Tell them pussies we ain't slowin' nah nah no flex hah Nah Get some relief Hey spark up the leaf Call up my s we live out our dreams hey God got his hands on me believe Rumors are cheap Hey hey do it for V All of them days that I couldn't eat Brodie keep watchin' I know that I'll reach reach reach Reach When the Vamps get on the scene When I whip the X I'm on a winning streak Steppin' next you've never seen I feel filthy on the run it's a movie     Yeah yeah yeah yeah When you feel like this Yeah Can't nobody tell you  Can't nobody tell you  yeah When you feel like this Can't nobody tell you  Can't nobody tell you  yeah When you feel like this Can't nobody tell you  Can't nobody tell you  yeah When you feel like this Yeah Can't nobody tell you  Uh-huh Can't nobody tell you  Yah Can't nobody tell me  Uh-huh   Post-    Yeah yeah I feel like God yeah Opium Yeah I feel like God yeah Opium he's alive I feel like God Opium  Outro  Bat Gang Yeah   Opium Yeah   Bat Gang yeah Yeah   Opium Yeah woo woo yeah yeah Yeah yeah Willy Haha28EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
33, Wake up F1lthy Fuck you doin'. I told you to stop hangin' 'round here opp   Homicide homicide homicide homicide   Never too much Uh never too much Yeah uh Never too much Yeah uh never too much Uh Never too much What. Uh never too much What. Uh Never too much What. Uh never too much What. Bih   1 I got some racks yeah yeah What. I got some bags yeah Bitch I got some racks yeah Bitch I got some bags yeah Bitch yeah Never too much What. yeah never too much Yeah Never too much What. yeah never too much What. Yeah She in' my  What. she eat it for lunch What. Uh Yeah I hit it from the back What. yeah I'm beatin' it up Slatt I'm beatin' it up What. yeah I'm beatin' it up What. I'm in love with them drugs What. yeah I'm kissin' the cup What. She in love with the thot What. yeah I don't give no  What. I won't stress about a  What. that's not my  What. These s beefin' over hoes What. so I keep it up What. Even when I'm at my in' show Bop-bop-bop I keep one tucked Yeah Refrain What. Rockstar made Oh yeah what. Rockstar made What. Yeah Rockstar made What. Ayy   Uh never too much Yeah yeah uh never too much Yeah Never too much uh never too much Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Uh never too much Yeah yeah uh never too much Yeah Uh never too much uh never too much Yeah. Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Yeah Uh never too much What. uh never too much Whole Lotta Red what.  Refrain What. Rockstar made What. What. Yeah Rockstar made What. What. Rockstar made What. What.   2 I  that  in the back seat I  that  in a wagon What. I  that  in the back seat What. Now that  braggin' What. Yeah Braggin' What. braggin' What. got the  braggin' Slatt Took the  to L.A. now the  braggin' What. What. What. Yeah I just killed an opp yeah I swear I'm countin' caskets I could make an opp disappear like magic Yeah Send my s to your mama house it get tragic What. Standin' on the block right now What. I'm on the backstreet What. Forty-five hunnid for the drink yeah we taxin' Yeah I got gold money and I bought myself a Aston Yeah Dope boys outside  yeah we havin' Yeah Got a bad  I don't believe in average yeah Yeah  Uh never too much Yeah yeah uh never too much Yeah Never too much uh never too much Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Uh never too much Yeah yeah uh never too much Yeah Uh never too much uh never too much Yeah. Uh never too much What. uh never too much What. Yeah Uh never too much What. uh never too much Whole Lotta Red what.  Refrain What. Rockstar made What. What. Yeah Rockstar made What. What. Rockstar made What. What.18EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
34,  Yeah we ain't wastin' no time Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Slatt slatt slatt woo      Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Red dot Hundred round drum killin' everybody Yeah Hundred round drum killin' everybody Red dot Chopper won't miss a   Interlude    Chopper won't hold on Red dot Beep beep beep beep Rrah yeah Yeah Hold on hold on hold on Yeah yeah   1  She hop on the  and she split huh Hop on the  like a  huh Suck on my  like a tick huh What. What. Uh You a copier yeah you like to copy  Carti You wasn't even on the style until Yung Carti popped this   I got hella hoes Woah On some poppin'  Woah woah Need a poppin'  Woah Need a solid  Woah Harder than a brick Beep beep Choppers on the counter pints all in the fridge     Chopper won't miss a  Hold on hold on Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Red dot Hundred round drum killin' everybody Yeah Hundred round drum killin' everybody Red dot Chopper won't miss a    2    Always runnin' with my gun Young  shoot for fun Put some money on your head I serve your  for ten I got ice to match the ice ice to match the 'fit I got es on top of es ayy and all my es tens I still don't dance no Milly Rock Rock Just hide it in my sock Sock I got es in the lot Lot Pourin' up the pop Pop yeah Straight savage slatt Hold on hold on hold on woo      Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Grrah grrah Chopper won't miss a  Red dot Hundred round drum killin' everybody Yeah Hundred round drum killin' everybody Red dot Chopper won't miss a  Grrah Jeffery  3  Thirty round drum in the jean jacket Thirty round drum in the jacket None of my jeans come in baggy I never go for a chain  I never go for a chain  I been hit that that's the same jack Hah yeah hold on yeah Three-twenty on the dash Skrrt hold on A Bentley truck is my G-Wagen Huh huh yeah Me and the dawgs smokin' nothin' but nasty Dawg Fuck the law and whoever askin' Yeah yeah Cheated on my  with a  so you know she was lit Yeah Cheated on my  with a  with bigger ties Yeah 'Bout to cheat on my  with a motherin' midget Yeah Bank with my card I go hard in every city Go hard in every city Every one of the dawgs got some hoes in every city Hoes in every city Every one of these hoes 'round this  say that we litty We litty Ran over the law if I tell 'em Ayy let's get it Let's get it Platinum Wraith let's get it Skrrt Diamonds in the face let's get it I got diamonds in my face they half a carat ayy    Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Chopper won't miss a  Red dot Hundred round drum killin' everybody Yeah Hundred round drum killin' everybody Red dot Chopper won't miss a  Outro  Pew-pew-pew-pew pew-pew pew-pew Pew-pew-pew-pew pew-pew pew-pew Pew-pew-pew-pew pew-pew pew-pew Pew-pew-pew-pew pew-pew pew-pew Pew27EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
35, Rock out Yeah yeah rock out Shoutout 8—808 808 Yeah   This is not pop this some rock ayy Rock out This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the Glock Came in that  with a Glock yeah Glocky Came in that  with the Glock yeah What. Yeah Came in that  with the mob yeah What. What. This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with a Glock ooh Came in that  with the squad Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the mob Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the uh Came in that  with the mob Came in that  with a what.   1 Came in that  with the Glock yeah Came in that  with the mob ayy Glocky I poured the lean on the rocks ayy What. I put the crack in the drop yeah ooh I put the crack in the drop Who that lil' boy on the block. Hey Block Up in the trap in the spot yeah Spot I might go cook in the pot ayy Pot I might go spit in the pot yeah Blatt All of these es they wanna  Carti 'cause Carti he got a lil' guap ooh All of these es they want to  Carti Fuck the lil'  in my loft ooh Loft Little  lost in my loft ooh Little  lost in the loft Count up three hundred I'm boss ooh Count up three hundred I'm boss I spent the guap on my watch What. Bitch I'm a boss call the shots Yeah hop on the track change the charts Charts Rock this  out no guitar 'Tar Hop on the plane on a bar Rock out beep You  you in' a star Beep Lil'  can't hop in the car Bitch can't hop in the car Lil'  can't be my lil' broad What. Fuck that lil'   that lil'  p that lil'  to my boy ooh What. Rockin' that Gucci decor ooh Yeah  This is not pop this some rock ayy Rock This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with a Glock Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the mob Glocky Came in that  with the Glock yeah This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with the mob yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock Glocky This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with a Glock ooh Came in that  with the squad Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the mob Came in that  with a Glock yeah Came in that  with the uh Came in that  with the mob Came in that  with a what.   2 Came in that  with the Glock with the mob All of my s they shoot all the time Came in that  but I came with a .9 2900 my s they fire All of my es they lookin' too fine All of these es they came and they mine All of my s they shoot and they fire If you not right then a  get fired She can come kick just for the night I'ma go  just for the night Gucci my kicks came with the spike Shootin' that  feelin' like Spike Fendi my clothes Fendi my ho Fendi my clothes Fendi my ho Walk in that  feelin' like Dro Beep Walk in that  I just want more Switch it up uh I ed that  right 'fore the show Right 'fore the show switch it up uh Switch it up I pour a four right 'fore the show Right 'fore the show switch it up uh Switch it up I  that  I  that  P to my bro switch it up uh Switch it up Count it up count it up uh Yung Carti Run it up run it up uh Yung Carti Switch it up  This is not pop this some rock ayy This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock ayy Yung Carti This is not pop this some rock ayy Yung Carti This is not pop this some rock ayy Rock out Came in that  with a Glock yeah Rock out Came in that  with a Glock yeah Glocky Came in that  with the Glock yeah Glocky Came in that  with the mob yeah Mob what. This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some This is not pop this some rock yeah Beep this is not pop this This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock This is not pop this some rock yeah This is not pop this some rock Came in that  with a Glock ooh Yeah yeah yeah Came in that  with a Glock yeah Glocky Came in that  with a Glock yeah Yeah what. Came in that  with the mob Yeah  Outro This is not pop this some rock Glocky I poured the lean on the rocks Rocks This is not pop this some rock What. I poured the lean on the rocks Glocky I poured the lean on the rocks Beep I poured the lean on the rocks What. What. Beep yeah yeah I poured the lean on the…19EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
36, And I only  with thick hoes White ho let's go ayy that's my type though That's my type Yeah white ho yeah yeah let's go what. Yeah White ho yeah yeah let's go And I only  with Ooh ooh ooh Yeah   And I only  with rich hoes And I only  with yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah White ho ooh uh Let's go ooh yeah White ho yeah ooh Let's go ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Black ho ooh yeah Let's go ooh what. Black ho yeah yeah Let's go   1 Ooh she just need a  uh with a check though ooh yeah Movin' too slow move to the left ho ooh Movin' too slow move to the left ho ooh yeah Hurry up we hoppin' on this jet though ooh ooh And I only  with thick hoes ooh uh I'm a skinny  you see these tight clothes ooh ooh Piped up yeah I'm piped ho Piped up ooh Come and get piped for the night ho ooh ooh Designer drugs and I need some ice ho ooh ooh A lot of hoes yeah I need some condoms ooh ooh Fuckin' with Yung Carti you'll get high ho ooh ooh 808 Mafia You ridin' too slow are you high ho. Skrrt Ooh ooh uh Slow yeah Are you high ho. Come and sip some drank pop some pills Come get high ho Are you high. We be on a jet we so high We on fly mode We so high I be flexin' on these s pop But they pop mode Ooh what. Yeah uh uh With my eyes closed Ooh what. Ooh ooh ooh I'm on Bang Bros Ooh what. Ooh ooh ooh I got hella hoes I got hella hoes ooh yeah Got that nasty flow Yeah yeah She get nasty though  And I only  with rich hoes And I only  with yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah White ho ooh uh Let's go ooh yeah White ho yeah ooh Let's go ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Black ho ooh yeah Let's go ooh what. Black ho yeah yeah Let's go   2 Yeah yeah Let's go uh uh Ho I'm flexed up Lookin' like who next up uh Like who next up Hold your face up Hold your face up I just got my check up uh Got my check up Got my cash up Got my cash up You can't get no check cuz uh No check cuz Get your bands up Get your bands up ooh ooh ooh Face down  up yeah yeah Walk around the club with your hands up yeah yeah I walk around that  Walk around the club I'm no dancer uh uh I walk around that  Keep that pole on me I might just blam ya uh uh Blatt-blatt-blatt-blatt Keep that pole on me I told him man up ooh ooh Blatt-blatt-blatt Walk inside that  I made them stand up ooh ooh Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh I'm a walkin' lick  where your camera. Uh ooh Where your camera. 808 Mafia If she want that whole thing I gave her sample ooh I gave her a little though The way I stole that  like where your man go. Ooh ooh I took your lil' ho Fuckin' on this  inside the bando ooh ooh Suckin' on this  they use no hands though ooh ooh I just turned this  into my main ho ooh yeah  And I only  with rich hoes And I only  with yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah White ho ooh uh Let's go ooh yeah White ho yeah ooh Let's go ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Black ho ooh yeah Let's go ooh what. Black ho yeah yeah Let's go ooh uh And I only  with rich hoes ooh what. And I only  with thick hoes uh yeah White ho ooh uh Let's go ooh yeah White ho yeah ooh Let's go ooh yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah And I only  with thick hoes ooh yeah Black ho ooh yeah Let's go ooh what. 808 Mafia Black ho yeah yeah Let's go  3 Ooh ooh yeah my main ho Take that dirty money ho Uh yeah To the bank ho Yeah yeah First you flip a birdie ho Flip a birdie  Make a name ho Yeah I go 730 ho 730  On the drank ho Yeah ooh lean on me Like what you drank ho. Yeah I pour up that pink ho ooh Up that pink Easter pink though Ooh yeah yeah All up in my styrofoam ooh Yeah I'm on lean ho Ooh ooh yeah She say she so lonely though ooh So lonely Lean on me ho Lean on me I might give your  the bone ooh Bone Not no leash ho Not no leash I just want a little dome ooh Dome From a freak ho Yeah yeah I ain't with the cuffin' ho ooh Yeah That ain't me ho That ain't me I just like to press a ho ooh Press Like that me ho Ooh ooh ooh Feel it in your chest ho ooh That's OG ho Yeah yeah Think I need a G4 ooh Yeah yeah This for me ho Yeah yeah Designer  no cheap clothes ooh Yeah You a thief ho Yeah yeah I throw out the bankroll ooh Yeah Then that thing go Yeah yeah14EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
37,  That-that-that-that-that be Maaly Raw   Flat yeah I'm from the Flat Whole lotta bags whole lotta cash Whole lotta flex slatt Whole lotta hoes whole lotta  Slatt slatt Young  got swag hold up Got swag Gotta wave my flag hold up Wave my flag Got a  in the back yeah Bitch in the back Play with them racks yeah Slatt Iced-out plaque yeah Slatt Heart attack yeah yeah Heart attack Clapped his  hold up uh Hold up AP wrist hold up uh Hold up Too much gas hold up uh Take this pic yeah Take this pic   Swag for days hold up Days ayy Plays on plays hold up uh Yeah J's on J's hold up Ayy ayy Bag full of haze hold up Blatt blatt In the back with your  hold up Back with your  In a drop-top Benz hold up Skrrt You gotta let shawty in Slatt slatt Make shawty top-ten hold up Top ten I made a  count ten hold up What. I met a  through a DM Slatt slatt On the block with the D on D on D on Hellcat look neon Hellcat Tryna see what we on Hold up yeah Told that  to put the V on V on Dripped down got the flee on Flee on I got these hoes on VLONE VLONE slatt Got a girl with the neon huh VLONE Tech Everything all neon Yeah yeah And she rockin' all neon Slatt slatt And she wearin' all neon Slatt Run it up like Deion Sippin' Tech eating key lime Tech Tech And my swag so beyond Put the bag on a peon Slatt slime  Flat yeah I'm from the Flat Whole lotta bags whole lotta cash Whole lotta flex slatt Whole lotta hoes whole lotta  Slatt slatt Young  got swag hold up Got swag Gotta wave my flag hold up Wave my flag Got a  in the back yeah Bitch in the back Play with them racks yeah Yeah Iced-out plaque yeah Slatt Heart attack yeah yeah Heart attack Clapped his  hold up uh Hold up AP wrist hold up uh Too much gas hold up uh Take this pic yeah Take this pic17EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
38, What. Yeah Like I'm too lit like oh my God   Damn how the  we got to where we started. This love don't feel how it felt when we started What. This love don't feel how it felt when we started What. Got me thinkin' so deep  I'm in my conscience Got me doin' these drugs it help me balance Shawty I'm geeked yeah I ain't tryna blame you but this  a challenge Oh what. What. I live my life like a kid with allowance My life so fast I need me a down  Fast hold on Anarchy tatted under my armpit Don't make me start a in' riot Anarchy yeah Sometimes this  get so excitin' What. What. We ridin' 'round we startin' riots What. What. We rob the bank 'cause we want profit Damn We took our  and kept it silent What. What. What. We took that route 'cause we about it Yeah Say you catchin' them bodies I highly doubt it Catchin' no bodies what. Yeah My boys shot at them s and he rollin' off molly Catchin' them bodies yeah We ed up they kickbacks ed up they parties Fucked up they parties yeah I jump off the rope I feel like Jeff Hardy Feel like Jeff Hardy Got tats on my sleeve like Ed Hardy Yeah Ed Hardy I was smokin' that weed just like I'm Marley Just like I'm Marley yeah One shot and he bleed please don't bother me Baow-baow-boom Yeah yeah yeah yeah Okay yeah yeah yeah yeah How the  we got to where we started. Yeah yeah yeah yeah huh. Your love don't feel the same like when we started Yeah yeah yeah yeah Should've known this  was not real when it started Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah everybody fake this  retarded Yeah yeah yeah yeah My back to the wall What. What. My back to the wall What. What. Can't  with these dirty lil' hoes these es be hurtin' me up Yeah yeah yeah yeah Can't put my trust in no ho hell nah lil' bro Yeah yeah yeah yeah I p that  to my boy like Here lil' bro Yeah yeah yeah yeah I took the Phantom outside it ride like a boat Yeah yeah yeah yeah And I took off with them M's and I stuck to the code What. What. Outro Damn ooh yeah I'm too lit ooh ah-yeah40EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
39,  Yeah hittin' that  from the fire uh Slatt Uh notice me yeah Hittin' that boy with that fire ooh Nigga didn't notice me yeah I'm hittin' that  with some fire ooh He ain't even notice me yeah Hittin' that  with that fire uh A  didn't notice me Hittin' that boy with that fire uh They ain't even know it's me uh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me ooh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me huh Hittin' that boy with that fire Slatt Nigga didn't notice me   1  Hold up lil  I got bags Slatt slatt You talkin' to mans Slime Hold up lil  I got bags Slime slime You talkin' to me Slime Hittin' that boy with that fire Fire Nigga didn't know it was me Nigga didn't know Nigga be dead to me Yeah Nigga be dead meat Hittin' that  from the side Side I wanna have a ménage I wanna have a good time What. I wanna  up your life Yeah She wanna play with that fire Fire Shawty gon' play with that fire Fire These s ain't ready for slime They ain't even ready for slime Yeah    Young Nudy Hittin' that  from the fire uh Slatt Uh notice me yeah Hittin' that boy with that fire ooh Nigga didn't notice me yeah I'm hittin' that  with some fire ooh He ain't even notice me yeah Hittin' that  with that fire uh A  didn't notice me Hittin' that boy with that fire uh They ain't even know it's me uh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me ooh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me huh Hittin' that boy with that fire Yeah Nigga didn't notice me   2 Young Nudy   Hittin' that boy with the fire What up. Wish a motherer try Uh-huh Know Slime gonna fire Slime I been firin' all the shots You know it Since I was a little  You know it Lil  havin' pistols What. Pistols never was a issue Never Gettin' money since a youngin' Youngin' Been havin' hoes comin' Cut it up Lot of s out here frontin' Fronts Know them  s bluffin' Nah These s wasn't shootin' Nah Slimeball been packin' Gats Slimeball 'bout that action Slime And you know what's happenin' What's happenin'. Yeah  Yeah     Young Nudy Hittin' that  from the fire uh Yeah Uh notice me yeah Bitch Hittin' that boy with that fire ooh Nigga didn't notice me yeah I'm hittin' that  with some fire ooh He ain't even notice me yeah Hittin' that  with that fire uh A  didn't notice me Hittin' that boy with that fire uh They ain't even know it's me uh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me ooh They ain't even notice me huh They ain't even know it's me huh Hittin' that boy with that fire Fire Nigga didn't notice me  Outro  Yeah yeah Uh yeah Uh yeah yeah Yeah yeah20EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
40,Refrain Yeah Oxycontin Xans Xans Molly Lean Carti Yeah Carti ooh Cash Carti Cash Carti Yeah Gang Gang with me With me Flacko Flacko Bari Bari Switch Switch lanes Lanes skrrt Bentley 'Rari 'Rari  Interlude Damn J Stew you made this one too. Beep beep Beep beep Uh Yeah Lil'  countin' up Up   Big guap Guap Carti up Up Lil' shawty wanna  Fuck I'm in Lenox countin' up Up Fuck a  tell her  Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah Number 9 What. keep it tucked Yeah Number Nine jeans yeah Yeah Got a  fiendin' yeah Uh  1 Fendi Prada Look shawty Shawty Spend a quarter million on some molly Molly Might just  me a model Model Poppin' bottles all the time Ooh Little  stop whinin' Yeah I just ed his  yeah yeah We just got some new  We gon' hit 'em with that stick Yeah  Pull up on your block quick Quick QuikTrip how I keep a zip Zip I got all the gas Gas I got all the pills Pills Niggas simp Simp Carti pimp Pimp   Big guap Guap Carti up Up Lil' shawty wanna  Fuck I'm in Lenox countin' up Up Fuck a  tell her  Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah Number 9 What. keep it tucked Yeah Number Nine jeans yeah Yeah Got a  fiendin' yeah Uh Refrain Oxycontin Xans Xans Molly Lean Carti Yeah Carti ooh Cash Carti Cash Carti Yeah Gang Gang with me With me Flacko Flacko Bari Bari Switch Switch lanes Lanes Bentley Skrrt 'Rari ooh 'Rari   2 Poppin' painkillers yeah yeah I just poured a four inside the liter yeah yeah And your  just said she need a real  yeah yeah Raf Simons that's on me  no Hilfiger yeah yeah I was on the block 'til I got up  'Til I got up yeah If your  gon'  she gon' get stuck  yeah yeah Told her hurry up we gotta rush  Gotta rush 'Cause these s snitchin' on the up s On the up yeah yeah Up   Big guap Guap Carti Carti up Up Lil' shawty Shawty wanna  Fuck I'm in Lenox Lenox countin' up Up Fuck a  Bitch tell her  Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah Number 9 What. keep it tucked Yeah Number Nine Nine jeans yeah Yeah Got a  Bitch fiendin' yeah Uh26EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
41, Get shot in your head Psh shot yeah Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Yeah yeah What. Yeah what. What. It's a whole lotta red What. It's a load What. What. Yeah A load Whole lot...   Whole lotta hoes whole lotta red whole lotta es Whole lotta yeah I just popped this Xan' can't feel my face Hold up yeah Hundred thousand spread all in my case hold up What. You can get shot in your head young  yeah  your face Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Got a bad-  right now she runnin' 'round in my place Hold up yeah Put the -  right down his motherin' place Bah bah bah yeah bah bah I'm in the back of the spot yeah this my place Hold up woah I'ma show a  how to ball show a  how to play Hold up go   Spent a bag on my teeth yeah Got these hoes on fleek uh Yeah Got these hoes on me Yeah You want Chanel You want Chanel Shawty you hell Shawty you hell Pushin' that  Hold up yeah Ridin' in Hell Hold up yeah This a 'Cat Hold up yeah Rose gold pack Hold up yeah Plaques on plaques Hold up yeah Nigga from the Flat yeah Yeah wow Shawty pull up to the trap Got a  and a nat Hold up yeah Can't thug like me Hold up yeah And the cup still lean Hold up yeah Got X and the lean  Whole lotta hoes whole lotta red whole lotta es Whole lotta es yeah I just popped this Xan' can't feel my face Hold up yeah Hundred thousand spread all in my case Hold up what. You can get shot in your head young  yeah  your face Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Got a bad-  right now she runnin' 'round in my place Hold up Put the -  right down his motherin' place Bah bah bah yeah bah bah yeah yeah I'm in the back of the spot yeah this my place I'ma show a  how to ball show a  how to play Hold up woah woah16EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
42,    Yo Pi'erre you wanna come out here. Ayy turn me all the way up I'm in this motherer Turn that take the Auto-Tune off I don't need no in' Auto-Tune Fuck the Auto-Tune Fuck that Auto-Tune  Beep What. Beep Yeah Beep Talk to 'em Yung Carti Beep beep beep What. Yeah yeah   And I'd rather not talk about it just do that  Got these es sayin' Yeah he do that  Got these es sayin' Yeah he do that  uh Got these s sayin' Yeah he do that  ooh uh Suckin' on my  like she new to this yeah ooh Blowin' through the check yeah we new to this I'd rather not talk about it just do that  I'd rather not talk about it just do that  Beep I'd rather not talk about it just do that  What. Got them es sayin' Yeah he do that  ooh ooh Suckin' on my  like she new to this uh what. Blowin' through the check yeah I'm new to this uh what. Runnin'  back like a frisbee  uh uh Bring that  back like a frisbee  uh I'd rather not talk about it just do that  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'd rather not talk about it just live this  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'd rather not talk about it just shoot the  yeah ooh Got these s sayin' Yeah he do that  He'd rather go talk about it than do this  Pull up on your block and we shootin'  Ayy Pi'erre Pull up on your  and I'm hittin' it Oh yeah Hittin' on your  yeah I'm killin' it On your  yeah I'd rather not talk about it just do that  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'd rather not talk about it just do it Lil' talkin'  Hit a lil'  with the Ruger Watch me shoot a  Hit a lil'  with the Ruger What. What. What. Lil'  I'm that  yeah What. What. I'm in' on your lil' biddie yeah What. What. I wear Raf Simons never Hilfiger yeah At all what. South Atlanta yeah we comin' up uh ooh ooh Put your middle fingers up ooh ooh Pour it in my double cup Lean lean Extendo clip double up Beep I'd rather not talk about it just shoot it up What. What. Fuck that lil'   a  up Yeah Fuck the cash up  the cash up I  the cash up Fuck the cash up get the math up Get the math up What. What. What. What. Oh yeah yeah hey What. What. Pi'erre hold up What. Oh yeah yeah hold up What. Pi'erre What. cash Oh yeah yeah What. Pi'erre What. Oh yeah yeah What. Pi'erre What. What. Outro And I'd rather not talk about it  uh Beep what. And I'd rather not talk about it just do this  Yeah And I'd rather not talk about it Got these s sayin' Yeah he do that  What. Got these es sayin' Yeah he do that  What. What. Got these s sayin' Yeah he do that  Carti do that  Got these es sayin' Yeah he do that  Carti do that  Got these uh What. What. Oh yeah do that  And I'd rather not talk about it just do that  Carti do that  What. What. What. Carti do that  What. Let's do this  Yo Pi'erre19EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
43, 808 Mafia   Spent a hundred K on my son I bought my sister a Jeep Can't  with these hood hoes no more they don't give a  about me All black 2-3 LeBron with the heat What. 23 23 I was just in Miami in the Rolls Royce geeked What. Yeah Rolls Royce geeked Lil' Tommy got an FN in the backseat What. Yeah in the backseat Red rag red flag  you better make peace Yeah I'm in this  with my killers Yeah Whole lotta motherin' s Yeah We got them motherin' choppers Yeah I pick you up  I get you Yeah I said I don't  with these s Yeah We see 'em we punchin' them s Yeah We upping the score on these s Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go back You was still posted with my boy yeah my slatt Okay Beno he go crazy you know that What. What. Yeah  Whole lotta bands in this  What. Yeah Whole lotta cash in this  Yeah Hop on the motherin' plane Yeah I just popped me a G6 Yeah You know that I love to stay high Yeah My shawty just said that she bi Yeah She carry that  she gon' ride Yeah I ed her then told her she mine Yeah I'm really not with telling lies Yeah I really don't hang around guys Yeah The streets treat me like a god Yeah My  treat me like a God Yeah Got a main and a side Yeah side Fuck fame I ride with the fire Blow out the brain in the ride Ugh Blow out the brain in the ride Yeah I'm riding 'round town with a ratchet  Ayy She say Carti you back on your ratchet  Ayy I rock diamonds the Patek from Eliantte What. Show me something that Carti not better than If a  keep talking we running in Yeah Get that  kicked out like I'm punting it Yeah On the block rolling dice and I'm going in Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah  Spent a hundred K on my son I bought my sister a Jeep Can't  with these hood hoes no more they don't give a  about me All black 2-3 LeBron with the heat What. 23 23 I was just in Miami in the Rolls Royce geeked What. Yeah Rolls Royce geeked Lil' Tommy got an FN in the backseat What. Yeah in the backseat Red rag red flag  you better make peace Yeah I'm in this  with my killers Yeah Whole lotta motherin' s Yeah We got them motherin' choppers Yeah I pick you up  I get you Yeah I said I don't  with these s Yeah We see 'em we punchin' them s Yeah We upping the score on these s Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go out the back door on that  Yeah Go back You was still posted with my boy yeah my slatt Okay Beno he go crazy you know that What. What. Yeah16EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
44, No lie Yeah no lie yeah And that's no lie Yeah And that’s no lie oh my oh my Yeah That's no lie oh nah oh nah Yeah That's no lie yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah Ooh and that’s no lie oh my oh my Yeah That's no lie yeah yeah yeah yeah ooh Yeah yeah yeah First off first off first off First off The watch The watch what. What. What. What. What. Pew-pew-pew-pew   Dimebag dimebag dimebags Yeah I was down bad I was down bad Yeah Ooh I was down bad I was down bad Yeah Servin' dimebags out my ho's pad Yeah I was poppin'  I was poppin'  Yeah Play with it  you get dealt with Yeah Nine .45 yeah it hit hit Yeah Hell yeah hell yeah rock  Yeah Rockstar pop a opp on some pop  Yeah yeah All my s all my s on some pop  Yeah yeah Ayy sippin' Wock' ayy Act’ Act’ Act'  Yeah Act’ Act' Act' Act' Huh Wock’  Yeah Better watch What. Yeah yeah What. What. Yeah No lie no lie no lie Yeah yeah No lie Got that nine  nine ooh Number Nine jeans with the red  uh ooh Red red green green beam  yeah uh Better better eat your green beans  uh uh Killer kill a  on the scene  ooh ooh Yeah I love the lean that's some lean  ooh yeah Yeah I'm off the gas gasoline  What you mean lil' . Mean  Got a bad-  I mean a mean-  mean  Yeah I'm stuntin' ho I'm on some dirty  dirty laundry dirty  Got a bunch of hoes yeah they tryin' to start some  They want to start some  huh. What. Freak that ayy start some  ooh ooh Lay that  down we finna starch this  ooh ayy Lay that  down we finna arch this  ayy ayy ayy ayy Hot as hell arsonist yeah what. What. What. Yeah Yeah I'm on that  Yeah you see Carti yeah yeah yeah yeah No lie no lie No lie no lie no lie No lie No lie no lie No lie no lie no lie18EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
45,  Woop Phew Yeah Phew-phew Look at these s Phew-phew Uh look at these Phew-phew what. Blaow blaow blaow Yeah      Look at these s what. Uh Look at these s ooh What. Look at these s what. Yeah Look at these s what. Ayy Fuck these s yeah ooh Lil'  lil'  Fuck these s yeah uh Ayy Fuck these s uh uh Fuck these s uh Yeah Yeah lil'  Fuck these s yeah uh Woo Look at these s yeah uh Woo Look at these s yeah uh Woo Look at these s yeah uh Woo Look at these s yeah uh Woo Look at these s yeah uh Woo Yeah yeah what. Uh   1  Aude' on my wrist yeah Might just take your  ooh Might just take that risk yeah Take her on a trip ooh Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Lay it on her tongue ooh Yeah Put her right to bed ooh Yeah Hit 'em with the drum ooh Brrt They gon' feel this  ooh Brrt-brrt yeah yeah Drivin' like I'm drunk ooh Skrrt But I'm off that lean Lean yeah Bitches wanna  ooh Yeah Ho come lean on me ooh Yeah yeah Yeah promethazine ooh Mud I can't even see ooh I can't even see Niggas envy me ooh Yeah Bitch I'm MVP ooh Yeah Interlude    Ooh yeah  yeah Yeah yeah Man it's somethin' I f— What the  you…. Oh I forgot I forgot I forgot I forgot I forgot I don't  with these s Look at these s uh uh Look at these uh what. Blatt blatt Yeah      Look at these s what. Uh Look at these s ooh What. Look at these s what. Yeah Look at these s what. Ayy Uh  these s yeah ooh Bitch-  Fuck these s yeah uh Ayy Fuck these s uh Lil'  Fuck these s uh Lil'  lil'  Yeah What. lil'  Fuck these s yeah uh Lil' snitch Look at these s yeah uh Snitch Look at these s yeah uh Go Look at these s yeah uh Look at these s yeah uh What's up. Look at these s yeah uh Yeah yeah what. Uh alright I'm good  2    Chopper with the stick Stick And it got the kick Ayy Uzi where my gun at bruh. Got a lot of kick make you do a backflip yeah Stop stop playin' with me I'm a walkin' lick Woo lick lick lick lick Told that girl that I don't wanna  told her Just lick Takin' your  Lick Hey lick Ooh lick Ooh ooh I cannot  you no  get the  out my whip Ooh ooh skrrt ooh Walk with your shawty that 40 that's all on my hip Yeah Pull up them Forgis that's all of my VIP Yeah I ain't got time to be callin' no  Yeah That's why I always be stallin' a  Don't want her no more I'm pin' ists Ayy stop stop playin' with me stop in' playin' with me You know what I'm sayin'. I'm here in' with Carti and Uzi Jump on a bike run from the pigs Smokin' that gas you smoke that mid Fucked at my crib met her at LIV Laugh at these s look at these es What. Blatt blatt blatt Cash Carti      Look at these s what. Beep yeah Look at these s ooh Carti Look at these s what. What. What. Look at these s what. What. Uh Fuck these s yeah ooh Bitch-  Fuck these s yeah uh Bitch-  Fuck these s uh Lil'  Fuck these s uh Lil'  lil'  Yeah lil'  Fuck these s yeah uh Lil' snitch Look at these s yeah uh Lil' snitch Look at these s yeah uh Go Look at these s yeah uh Look at these s yeah uh What's up. Look at these s yeah uh What's up. Yeah yeah what. Uh Outro  Lil' snitch   I don't  with these s I forgot  I think they forgot37EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
46,  Yeah let's get it       Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus catchin' bodies Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Huh. Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Huh. Miley Cyrus Huh. catchin' bodies Huh. Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Nah Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Huh. Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Nah   1  Ooh ooh Miley Cyrus Ooh yeah Miley Miley Ooh yeah Miley Cyrus Ooh yeah Miley Miley Ooh yeah Wayne's World Ooh yeah Carti Carti Ooh yeah Calabasas Ooh yeah Kendall Kylie Ooh ooh Adidas deal Ooh yeah shoutout Kanye Ooh yeah crazy girls Ooh yeah every Friday     Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus catchin' bodies Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Huh. Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Huh. Miley Cyrus Huh. catchin' bodies Yeah ayy Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage   2  Malibu that's casual Got the McAdoo fill you with graude I'm with them animals it's a real  annual Your ho on automatic put her on manual She gimme-'imme head Betty Boop Top If you're lookin' for me I'm in Saks Fifth Avenue Yeah I just went and bought me some flashbangs Huh. You can disappear disrespectin' that gang Hahaha ayy Chopper go ra-ta-ta ah You talkin' rarara Hmm she got more mileage than a car And she just pulled up to the spot spot spot    Miley Cyrus catchin' bodies Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus catchin' bodies Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage Don't care if that  got some mileage mileage Don't care if your  got some mileage mileage9EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
47, 1 Everywhere I go I get paper What. Everywhere I go I get paper What. Slatt slatt I'm a rockstar I could've joined Slayer Rockstar rockstar rockstar Got the drum in the car that  a slayer Yeah yeah yeah Get put in a box for in' with a player What. Yeah yeah AR in the box and it came with a laser What. Yeah I go cook a opp yeah just like I cater yeah Yeah yeah I  on my thot yeah we met in Decatur Yeah I go ball on that  yeah just like a Blazer What. Yeah Can't start with thе  I link another one later What.  Pre- I gotta gеt it together You dig. I'm livin' my life like a rebel What. They tried to lock me in a kennel What. I beat the case it was simple What. Fresh out of court yeah Yeah Jump in the Porsche yeah What. Slide through the hood yeah What. Everything good yeah Yeah   Whole lotta mob  What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah What. What. Whole lotta mob  What. Let's go let's go Whole lotta mob  What. Let's go let's go Whole lotta mob  Whole lotta mob  Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. What.  2 I got these es goin' crazy Yeah I got these es goin' crazy Yeah I walk in the mall they go crazy What. What. I walk in the mall they go crazy What. What. Got plaques on the wall I go crazy Yeah Got plaques on the wall I go crazy Yeah I got rich and had me a baby Yeah I got rich and had me a baby Yeah I drive a coupe you know it's the latest Sellin' cocaine just like the '80s I caught a body and went on vacation She in' my  I was on the PlayStation Woo woo I ride in a Demon I took off I'm racin' I ride in a Demon I feel like I'm Satan Woo woo I'm in' these es I'm in' these es I gave her some money to put in her savings Woo woo I popped me a molly and now I feel faded Muhammad Ali I feel like the greatest Slatt woo This  tried me and I left him hazy Yeah yeah I ed on this  but she cannot date me Woo woo  Pre- I gotta get it together You dig. I'm livin' my life like a rebel What. They tried to lock me in a kennel What. I beat the case it was simple What. Fresh out of court yeah Yeah Jump in the Porsche yeah What. Slide through the hood yeah What. Everything good yeah Yeah  Whole lotta mob  What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah Whole lotta mob  What. What. Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. Yeah What. What. What. Whole lotta mob  Woo woo What. Let's go let's go Whole lotta mob  What. Let's go let's go Whole lotta mob  Whole lotta mob  Whole lotta mob What. whole lotta mob  What. What. What.19EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
48, DJ Akademiks   Where my Carti fans at. One of the most loyal most dedicated fanbases I've seen in a while They wait patiently patiently patiently patiently I had to damn near sell my soul for this information The Illuminati owns part of me What I also found out  is the executive producer Along with Matthew Williams who work at Givenchy So maybe that will make sense some of the pictures he been posting recently That's reason why he said he got a gift for y'all Nigga he's Santa That's the gift  Okay. This year been horrible And to be honest from what I'm hearing Expect a clic Yeah  Pre-  Ha What. What. Ayy Ooh What. What. Slatt Ha What. What. What. What. What. Yeah Ooh What. What. What. What. What.    Ever since I met you ooh What. What. What. Oh yeah Ever since I met you ooh What. What. What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What.   Bitch I'm not a stalker Oh slatt But baby I always watch you What. Ooh I only want the best for you What. What. I cure your love like a doctor Tell me what you want me to do Woah yeah Tell me what you want me to do Slatt I can wear a business suit and speak proper Proper Or I can put a hundred s on and buy them choppers Choppers See 'round my parts of town that's how we get down What. I'm from Fulton County lil'  that's no cap now Yeah I went to school with some robbers and some killers And half of them s dead or in jail but  it they my s Yeah  Interlude  Basically what I'm saying is I can't change but But for you I would do things and Maybe one day I'd get on my knees and give you a diamond ring uh All sorts of things yeah Yeah All sorts of things yeah Oh I'll sort some things out Ooh You got me turnt out  Pre-  Ha What. What. Ayy Ooh What. What. Slatt Ha What. What. What. What. What. Ayy Ooh What. What. What. What. What. What.   Ever since I met you ooh What. What. What. Oh yeah Ever since I met you ooh What. What. What. Girl I been losing control Ayy Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control For you Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control For you Girl I been losing control What. Girl I been losing control What.20EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
49,    Pluto We on the X we on the codeine Pluto We on the X we on the codeine Pluto We on the X we on the codeine Pluto We on the X we on the codeine    I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Woo yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Hold up talkin' 'bout We on the X we on the codeine Yeah talkin' 'bout We on the X we on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah We on the X we on the codeine Woo woo woo We on the X we on the codeine   1  I just broke up with my  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I done fell in love with Act Yeah yeah woah yeah And I pulled up with them sticks Yeah yeah yeah yeah He gon' lose his last breath Yeah woo woo woo Racks on my baby Hold on hold on 200K Mercedes Woo woo woo I just smashed on my  Yeah yeah woo Now I got her on some other  Yeah woo woo woo 'Bout to pop these Percs and chop this molly huh Yeah yeah yeah I'm gon' be leanin' right in the lobby Woo I just seen that  at the airport Yeah I smoked that  just like a Newport Yeah yeah yeah got money     I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Cough syrup yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Crazy yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah We on the X we on the codeine Woo woo We on the X we on the codeine Yeah yeah woo talkin' 'bout We on the X we on the codeine Woo woo We on the X we on the codeine Woo   2  Spent a hundred fifty thousand on the lingerie Ayy ayy I been on X I been on codeine Spent a hundred fifty thousand on the lingerie Find me  I been on X I been on codeine Talkin' 'bout ayy Draco loaded ooh Swiss cheese Draco brrt Don't  the  she the police Fuck that  Bitch tryna lie on the  ho please Talkin' 'bout I popped the X pill drank gon' ruin me Talkin' 'bout Rockin' this  better than Billie Jean Popped some X drank some codeine I'm getting high tonight Put her on the Percocet  I can't feel my knees Woo  I'm startin' to feel like a rich dope fiend Shit    I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the coco Bridge  Codeine uh Yeah yeah codeine uh Yeah Codeine uh Yeah codeine uh Yeah I got a lean gut I got some money up Yeah I got the cocaine Uh codeine up Yeah ah yeah    I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Ooh ooh ooh yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah I'm on the X I'm on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah We on the X we on the codeine Woo woo We on the X we on the codeine Yeah yeah yeah We on the X we on the codeine Woo woo ooh We on the X we on the codeine Woo ooh14EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
